---
title: CBS Evening News 03.28.23
date: 2023-03-29 19:57:35
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Nashville and the rest of the nation are heartbroken after that deadly mass shooting at an elementary school. Tonight, we are learning new details about the victims. President B ordered flag to be flown at half staff for the rest of the month. Police say the school and church were targeted but the individual victims were not. And as investigators still search for a motive, we did learn today, that A.H legally stockpiled seven weapons in her family’s home beginning in October, 2020. The police chief also revealing the shooter was under a doctor’s care and the parents thought the shooter should not own weapons bringing widespread conversation about red-flag laws. 

We have new information about this attack tonight. We have learned that the shooter who was under medical care for emotional disorder, legally purchased seven firearms. They were hiding in her home, three of which were used in school. Also, Nashville police have now released body cam footage of those officers stopping the attack. These were the moment Nashville police responded to the call of act of shooting. Taking up the shooter with a burst of shots just minutes after entering the school and fourteen minutes from the first 911 call. Nashville police also release haunting surveillance video from inside the Christian School as the shooter gain access by firing unlocked glass doors, then walking hallways armed with two assault weapons and a handgun shooting an officer’s car from second floor window. Police say the shooter was twenty-eight-year-old A.H, a former student who had a map of the school. 
