---
title: CBS Evening News 01.19.23
date: 2023-01-20 18:59:38
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are tracking two winter storms, one of them heading to New England late tonight, and tomorrow bringing snow, freezing rain and sleet. Also tonight, we have the story of a pre-dawn raid, and law enforcement’s crack down on fentanyl. CBSN was there today as more than forty officers ready to raid a home in Arizona where they believe the dangerous drug were being made. But first, more than one year after that shocking shooting on an American film site, today, the dramatic ending in the investigation that led to one of the most well-known actors in America facing criminal charges. Prosecutors brought involuntary manslaughter charges against A.B after the fatal shooting as cinematographer H.H in 2021. The sixty-four-year-old, Academy Award nominee had denied responsibility for the shooting, and says he thought that the gun was unloaded, while the film’s weapon specialist H.G.R, she is facing the same charges.

If convicted, B could face up to five years in jail. The DA here plans to formally file those charges in the coming days. But you won’t see B in handcuffs. There won’t be a perp walk. Instead, he will be receiving court summons. What B’s lawyer calls a miscarriage of justice, Santa Fe’s district attorney calls preventable and criminal. In a statement, H’s family praised the decision to bring charges. But in a civil settlement, her husband joined Rust as an executive producer, filming was supposed to resume this month. Tonight, the production company wouldn’t comment if that’s actually going to happen. 
