---
title: CBS Evening News 06.16.23
date: 2023-06-17 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with dangerous weather that is here to stay. Through next week, we will see record heat. And this weekend into Father’s Day, 10 states, from Colorado to Florida, are bracing for severe thunderstorms. It’s another around of serious weather after a night of tornadoes and widespread destruction across the South and Central parts of the country. At least five people were killed, including an eleven-year-old boy, when twisters high winds and thunderstorms swept across Mississippi, Florida and Texas. In the small city of Perryton, Texas, nearly two hundred homes were reduced to rubble and debris scattered around. Hundreds of thousands remain without power in six Southern states. In Florida’s panhandle, residents had to be rescued after fifteen to sixteen inches of rain fell in a matter of hours. 

Preliminary reports from the National Weather Service says this was the EF-2 tornado. That means wind speeds of up to one hundred and thirty-five miles an hour. And take a look at some of the damage that was left behind. You have metal and wood buildings that didn’t stand a chance. Even brick buildings took a beating. There are debris piles like this all around. This small city took a big hit, and it could take months to rebuild. Tonight, parts of the panhandle in pieces after a tornado, a quarter of a mile wide, tore through the small city of Perryton, Texas Thursday afternoon, wiping out row after row of homes and businesses. In its path, a mobile home park that officials say took a direct hit, many of the homes reduced to twisted piles of debris, some in flames. The body of eleven-year-old M.R was found. Also killed, C.B and B.R at the print shop she owned. Sections of Perryton’s Main Street are now unrecognizable including city hall and fire station. Firefighters, searching through the rubble for survivors found an American flag completely intact. Thursday’s storms were part of a violent severe weather outbreak that clobbered the South all week with monster tornadoes in Alabama and Georgia, hail, the size of baseballs throughout the region, and heavy rain. More than a foot in areas of the Florida panhandle. In Pensacola, more than two hundred people were recued after flash floods stranded them in an apartment complex.  
