---
title: CBS Evening News 04.03.23
date: 2023-04-04 20:47:50
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, at this hour, D.T is meeting with his new legal team as he prepares to be the first former president to see the inside of the courtroom as a defendant. On Tuesday, he will travel down to lower Manhattan to surrender to the New York District Attorney. And tonight, we are wondering will there be cameras in the courtroom. T’s lawyer today opposing them, arguing it would create a circus-like atmosphere. We are also learning new details about the charges including at least one felony likely for falsifying business records, in the first degree. That felony charge would not prevent T from running for office once again. T was escorted by the Secret Service from his Mar-a-Lago home in Florida to his T Tower apartment in New York City. Crowds have gathered and security is tight, the entire NYPD on standby. 

A surreal and historic American scene today, a former president making his way to New York ahead of a criminal arraignment all as legal political uncertainty hover. Supporters cheered on former President D.T as a motorcade of black SUVs shuttled him to Palm Beach Airport, the beginning of a history-making trip that now finds T in legal jeopardy and the political spotlight. Once in New York, T made his way through a city on high alert, with protesters and police officers on the street. T is already on the attack ahead of his arraignment, claiming the judge overseeing the case, J.M, “hates me”, and calling the prosecution a witch hunt. Though the indictment is sealed until Tuesday, sources say T will likely be charged with falsifying business records in the first degree, a felony, stemming from his alleged in hush money paid to adult film star S.D back in 2016. M.C, a key witness for the prosecution, alleged T directed him to make the payment to D. C has served time in prison partly for his role in that exchange. On Tuesday, T will arrive at Manhattan Criminal Court for processing just before noon. He will be fingerprinted and may stand for a mug shot but he will not be handcuffed. At the 2:15 PM arraignment, judge is expected to outline the charges against T and ask for him to enter a plea. District Attorney A.B’s decision to indict stunned and angered T, but he has also capitalized on it. The campaign claims to raised over seven million dollars since. Republicans came to T’s defense this weekend, including potential competitors in the 2024 race. But other Republicans say T’s 2024 presidential campaign could now be vulnerable and at least one rival, former Arkansas Governor, A.H, jumped to the race Monday. 
