---
title: CBSN Evening News 05.23.23
date: 2023-05-24 21:04:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with a security threat near the White House when a Missouri man attempted to drive a rented box truck into a barricade last night. According to court documents, the suspect told Secret Service agents that he planned the attack for six months with the intention of taking control of the White House and killing the president or anyone else that got in his way. The nineteen-year-old from the St. Louis suburb of Chesterfield appeared in court this afternoon on federal charge. The White House says the president was briefed this morning on the situation by the US Secret Service and the Park Police. The arrest comes as threats against lawmakers have surged in recent years. 

There is an unexpected site for tourists near the White House tonight and that is last night’s crime scene. That U-Haul truck hit that barricade with such force that several pedestrians had to jump out of the way. Investigators believe the suspect intentionally crashed the twenty-six foot rental truck into the barricade at Lafayette Park shortly before 10 PM about a hundred yards from the White House fence. Behind the wheel, authorities say, was nineteen years old S.V.K. Court documents reveal that he told Secret Service agents that he flew one-way into Washington, DC from St. Louis Monday night, rented the truck at Dulles International Airport and drove directly to the White House. K has stated his goal was to get to the White House, seize power, and be put in charge of the nation and would “kill the president if that’s what I have to do”. The suspect was carrying this Nazi flag and, when asked, expressed admiration for Hitler. Threats against members of Congress have surged in the last six years. Just last week, a man attacks staffers at Congressman J.C’s office. Last fall, a man broke into N.P’s San Francisco home and attack her husband with a hammer.  
