---
title: CBS Evening News 02.21.23
date: 2023-02-22 20:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, CBSN goes in-depth in part two of our series on Americans being exposed to the chemicals in our foods and what’s has been done about it. Plus, how President J.C’s hometown, Plains, Georgia celebrates his life every day of the year. But first, President B in a remarkable speech promising the United States’ unwavering support for Ukraine. In a message to the world from the Royal Castle gardens in Warsaw, Poland. The president marked one year since Russia’s invasion with the clear message to V.P saying NATO has never been more united, democracies around the world are stronger than ever and vowing that Russia will never win in Ukraine. In his State of the Nation address, P falsely tried to blame the west for the war. It was a hundred minutes speech. And he also suspended Moscow’s participation in the last remaining nuclear arms treaty with the United States. 

White House officials insist the president’s speech wasn’t designed to be a response to V.P, because it had been in the works for several weeks. But the dueling appearances led to a global tit for tat. The Russian leader accused western nations of wanting to strike his country. The American president denied that and defended Ukraine’s right to exist. President B in Warsaw, President P in Moscow with dueling messages on the eve of first year of war in Ukraine. Mr. B recalled his high stakes trip to its capital. Thousands of Polish citizens, Ukrainian refugees and American diplomats and aid workers gathered to see the president, the centerpiece of a stage featuring smoke machines and resembling a rock concert. Hours earlier, P’s national address was delivered to a room of loyalists. He claimed Russia isn’t fighting Ukrainian people, but that they’ve become hostage to western masters. And said the west is responsible for fueling the Ukrainian conflict. P also announced he’s suspending participation in the last remaining nuclear arms reduction treaty with the US. 
