---
title: CBS Evening News 04.28.23
date: 2023-04-29 22:38:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with the tens of millions of Americans in the path of severe weather moving across the south with Texas facing the highest risks of dangerous storms. Tornado warnings and watches have been issued for central parts of the Lone Star State. Heavy rains, hail, and tornadoes are possible through the evening. Today’s threat comes less than twenty-four hours after multiple tornadoes touched down in Georgia and Florida ripping roofs off homes and uprooting trees. Further in the north and west, more than a million people are under flood warnings with the mighty Mississippi River expected to crest this weekend above twenty feet in some areas. 

April showers bring May flowers. But this week in the south, they also brought twisters and baseball size hail. Another round of severe storms is rolling through the south tonight with rain, hail and possible tornadoes spotted in north and central Texas. At least three tornadoes pounded the Florida panhandle on Thursday. In Panama City Beach, twisters damaged several homes and splintered trees, while pelting the area with golf ball-sized hail. Near Tallahassee, the storm dropped heavy rain making driving nearly impossible. It’s the same system that produced supercell storms earlier this week that sent giant hailstones raining down on parts of Texas. Even this bull had to run for cover. 
