---
title: CBS Evening News 03.20.23
date: 2023-03-21 21:12:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’ve got more of our 60 Minutes exclusive reporting as the US Navy Chief Naval Officer accuses China of trying to bully others. Plus, we talked to top gun officers and fighter pilots on how this conflict is different. Plus, our new series, Facing Fertility, on the emotional journey that millions of Americans that are suffer in silence. But first, we’ve got new reporting tonight about when and how D.T could be indicted and arrested. Tonight, the NYPD, the FBI, Joint Terrorism Task Force and the Secret Service are preparing for the worst. Barricades are going up today in downtown Manhattan outside the courthouse, where a grand jury is deciding whether or not to charge D.T with falsifying financial records linked to hush money payments to porn star, S.D. Here in the nation’s capital, CBSN has learned that Capitol police plan to take emergency measures ahead of possible arrest. 

Law enforcement officials from several agencies met today to discuss security and logistics as they brace for possible violence, should former President T be indicted. Steel barricades were delivered outside Manhattan Criminal Court this morning after former President T claimed he will be arrested on Tuesday and urge supporters to protest and take our nation back. Even though there is no evidence an arrest is coming tomorrow. Intelligence sources tell CBSN that they are seeing a significant increase in threats since T’s post, including violent rhetoric from domestic extremists. Mostly targeted toward law enforcement, judges and government officials in New York. 
