---
title: CBS Evening News 11.19.23
date: 2023-11-20 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the death of former First Lady, R.C, she died today at her home in Plains, Georgia after a life committed to public service long after leaving Washington. Mrs. C was ninety-six years old. No other first couple lived longer after leaving the White House than J. and R.C, forty-three years. And no first couple was married longer, seventy-seven years.

J. and R.C had a partnership that was extraordinary for a president and first lady. The C’s bond was deep both in private and in politics. She spoke her mind to her husband and he valued her advice. She said it on cabinet meetings, a first, and took the heat for it. Born in Plains, Georgia, August 18th 1927, the oldest of four children she started dating J.C when she was eighteen. They married a year later; J was in the Navy which allowed them to see the world. When his father died in 1953 so with their three sons, they returned to Plains to run the family peanut business. In 1970, J was elected Governor of Georgia. R. campaigned by his side and on her own that continued on the 1976 presidential trail with their fourth child A. often joined them. As First Lady, she continued to be a sounding board for her husband. She also traveled as an emissary especially to Latin America. After leaving Washington in 1981 they then created C. Center in Atlanta with promoted peace and where she can continue her work as an advocate for research and treatment of mental illness. 
