---
title: CBS Evening News 01.06.23
date: 2023-01-07 20:19:32
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, some intriguing news in the murders of four college students in Idaho, we are just learning that mattresses were removed from the crime scene. We’ll get more on that in just a minute. Plus, today is January 6th, the second anniversary of the attack in the US Capitol. President B today marking the occasion with emotional ceremony and honoring fourteen Americans for their courage and selflessness in defending democracy. But first, the fight for Speaker of the House could soon be coming to an end. Republican leader K.M boasting he will have enough votes by late tonight to become speaker, telling reporters “You’ll be calling me the comeback kid”. This comes after gaining momentum today by winning over fourteen far right republicans. It has been an historic weekend of discord playing out in front of the American people with the most roll call votes for a speaker since 1859, that’s prior to the Civil War. 

Leader M started the day telling CBSN he will shock us. And he has managed to gain some grounds after reaching a tentative deal with some of his opponents. In a dramatic turn of events on the house floor. Cheers erupted one by one. As fourteen Republicans flipped their votes for GOP Leader K.M. Even though, he’s still short it’s the most votes M managed to get all week after more than a dozen failed ballots. The M momentum shifted after a deal worked out among a handful of holdouts in the conservatives House Freedom Caucus, including Pennsylvania’s S.P. It’s the framework of an agreement in good faith that allows us keep moving forth. The tentative deal includes broad changes on spending, additional seats on key house panels and a provision that allows any one member to call for a motion to remove the speaker. At least six hardliners are still keeping M from getting the votes, including Florida’s M.G who drew boos on the floor and prompted some M backers to walk out. Unless M can pick off more of those no votes, he still won’t be able to get the job. But he told reporters that he is confident that he can get it done tonight when the house meets for another voting.
