---
title: CBS Evening News 01.25.23
date: 2023-01-26 19:19:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are learning new details in that federal civil rights investigation to what the US attorney calls, the tragic death of T.N. Five officers were fired and just tonight, CBSN has obtained new police dispatch audio. We are hearing for the first time from the officers involved in that arrest. Also tonight, our reporting on the money mystery surrounding embattled Republican Congressman G.S, new questions about how he financed his race and the source of five hundred thousand dollars in campaign cash. But first, a powerful winter storm is blanketing more than a dozen states with heavy snow, strong winds and rains. The same system brought tornadoes to the Gulf Coast knocked out power to thousands in Arkansas and Missouri. More than half of a foot of snow is already on the ground over nine hundred miles stretch from Oklahoma to Michigan. The snow will fall through the night in up state of New York and northern New England. Residents on the outskirts of Houston, they are still picking up the pieces after a tornado tore an eighteen-mile-long path of destruction to the communities in Deer Park and Pasadena. 

Amid the destruction of homes like this, it’s now confirmed that one of the tornadoes that touched down here was a powerful EF3. The first blow from the storm now delivered severe weather to the eastern part of the country. A midweek mess, more than a foot of heavy snow fall across parts of Arkansas, causing this truck to jackknife near Fayettevile and cutting power, leaving near one hundred thousand people in the dark. Heavy snow blanketed Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Missouri with the governors declared state of emergency. In Michigan, the snow led to several fatal accidents around Kalamazoo. Tonight, winter weather alerts stretch across thirteen states but not in Philadelphia or New York City which haven’t seen measurable snow since March of last year. In Texas, when the storm started no shortage of frightening moments. And the National Weather Service says it’s the first time it’s ever issued what’s called a tornado emergency for the Houston area. It’s very rare. Fortunately, no live was lost here.
