---
title: CBSN Evening News 05.27.23
date: 2023-05-28 21:04:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
All eyes are on Capitol Hill tonight as the deadline for a possible government default closes in. Both President J.B and House Speaker K.M insist a deal is close. More on that in a minute. But we begin this Memorial Day weekend at the National Mall, where thousands are turning out at the Poppy Wall of Honor. The red flower symbolizes bloodshed of lives lost in service since World War I. There are more than six hundred forty-five thousand flowers lining the wall this year. And as always, many of us are also on the move for the holiday weekend. Whether by ground or air, travelers are feeling the impact of the economy both good and bad. 

From the beach to the boardwalk, this is a hot destination for people this Memorial Day weekend and just as the weather is heating up, so too is the travel season. Beaches across the country are opening now. Here on New York’s Coney Island, visitors are basking in the sun and opening their wallets, and business owner are ready to cash in. According to AAA, at least thirty-seven million Americans will drive at least fifty miles from home this weekend. That’s 2 million more than Memorial Day last year but still below pre-pandemic levels. Drivers may save a little bit of money. Nationwide gas prices are roughly $1 cheaper than last year. Travelers are also crowding the airports. In April, airfare jumped 2.7% from March. While it’s down slightly from last summer, it’s nearly 10% higher than it was before the pandemic. Hotels are also up 3.5% from last year and 15% more expensive than in 2019. Some Americans are staying closer to home, going to parades like this one in Chicago honoring those who served in the armed forces. In Little Rock, Arkansas, middle school students place flags on the gravestones of the falling soldiers. Back here on Coney Island, family are settling in for this busy holiday weekend. And driving to a destination like this maybe a more affordable option this year. The cost of renting a car is down about 11% since last year. But what you save there, you may be spending on food. We can also tell you the cost of dinning out is up 9% since last year. 
