---
title: CBS Evening News 06.24.23
date: 2023-06-25 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with whiplash on the global stage. The world watched minute by minute as the Wagner Group, soldiers for hire fighting for P in Ukraine, turned on Russia’s military. They started advancing into Russia, gaining ground toward Moscow. Y.P, once a close friend of P, leading the charge. He was enraged by what he says were Russian strikes on his troops in Ukraine. But almost as suddenly as the advance started, the mercenaries began treating. They backed down after a deal broker by Belarus. P agreed to drop charges against P, who left the Russian city of Rostov to cheers. The Kremlin says he agreed to live in exile in Belarus. 

A tense calm grips Moscow tonight. The crisis threatened Russian President V.P’s hold on power seems to be cooling off. Wagner troops advanced within one hundred and fifty miles of the capital when Belarus announced it struck a deal between P and Wagner boss, Y.P. P stated on social media his troops would turn around to avoid spilling Russian blood, ending a potential destabilizing showdown. The spark of rebellion in Russia began yesterday in Ukraine. Video posted by Wagner showed the alleged aftermath of a deadly missile strike killing dozens of its troops. The mercenary group’s leader blamed the Russian military. Despite their denial, a furious P vowed vengeance. This morning, Wagner forces seized the Russian city of Rostov-on-Don, home to the country’s southern military command. The Russian president condemned P on state TV as a traitor who stabbed the country and its people in back. Video posted on social media tracked Wagner’s progress toward the city along with the failed attempts by the Russian military to stop the mercenary group. This video allegedly shows a Russian helicopter attacking an oil storage facility along the way while heavy equipment ripped up the highway to the capital. But with Wagner knocking on Moscow’s door, the deal will now see those troops return to their bases. 
