---
title: CBS Evening News 01.13.23
date: 2023-01-14 20:32:13
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is new details on the probe into the handling of the president’s classified documents including the total number that were found. But there are still so many questions and the president today refusing to answer questions on it. Plus, the new spotlight on Ukraine as Russia unleashed one of its billionaire oligarchs and his private army of mercenaries. But, we do want to begin with those devastating tornadoes. Dozens of twisters left behind destruction in at least seven states. The most extensive damage is in Alabama, where seven deaths were reported after just one tornado torn through two different communities. Entire neighborhoods are destroyed, homes blown apart and trees snapped in half. With debris, you can see scattered for miles. The destruction continued into Georgia where at least two people were killed, including a five-year-old. Meanwhile, California residents still bracing for even more storms after weeks of torrential rains and mass flooding. 

Storms ripped through Alabama and Georgia yesterday, knocking over this building which was a daycare and snapping trees. The wind here was at least one hundred and fifteen miles per hour, shattering brick and twisting metal. And the people who tried to ride it out in this daycare thought they were going to die. The storm was part of the system that battered California this week, with more to come. 
