---
title: CBS Evening News 08.23.23
date: 2023-08-24 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a mystery unfolding in Russia after a private jet crashed nearly two hundred miles north of Moscow. Believed to be onboard, Russian mercenary leader Y.P and his number two commander of the Wagnor Group. The big question tonight was the plane brought down intentionally, and was this a revenge for a failed mutiny that P led two months ago? The Wagnor Group was the tip of the spear in Russia’s invasion of Ukraine before he became disillusioned with the military’s leadership. The rebellion came to a sudden plot after striking a deal with P in exchange for amnesty. Photos of the crash site show plane wreckage engulfed in flames. Two pilots, one flight attendant, and seven passengers were on board, and there are no survivors. 

As with so many stories out of Russia, it’s difficult to get accurate reviews and details are still very murky. But here in Ukraine, Y.P will not be missed. He is regarded as a war criminal. This footage shows the plane plunging from the sky with a missing wing and then crashing. Wagnor social media channels claim it is Y.P’s private jet, which was shot down. Russian aviation authorities simply say the plane crashed north of Moscow, killing all ten people on board, including P and that the cause is being investigated. But President B says he doesn’t know for sure what happened but he is not surprised. P was last seen in this recruitment video standing in an arid desert, rifle in hand at an undisclosed location in Africa. It is the first video since his aborted mutiny, which he called off at the 11th hour prompting raised eyebrows that he had not only challenged V.P but escaped almost unscathed. The former convict got his start selling hot dogs, eventually becoming P’s private caterer and confidante. During first Russian invasion on Ukraine on 2014. He made the leap from chef to warlord. Wagnor soldiers started to showing up in Syria, then across Africa. While his hired guns deal in death, P has made billions plundering natural resources in places like the Central Africa Republic. Last year, P recruited an army of prisoners from Russian penal colonies to fight on the frontlines in Ukraine. He enjoyed the notoriety, filming himself strutting around the battlefield and delivering P his only real victory in Bakhmut after months of war.  
