---
title: CBS Evening News 02.14.23
date: 2023-02-15 21:23:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Ahead, the new report that inflation is cooling but still too high. Tonight, we’ll look at what it means for you the rising cost of car insurance nationwide. In tonight’s Money Watch we look at what you can save on your bill. Also, on this Valentine’s Day, we got the ultimate love story, two patients those hearts literally brought them together. But first, we’re learning about the young lives cut short in that deadly mass shooting at Michigan State University. They all went to high school in the Detroit suburbs. Sophomore B.F was president of his fraternity, Junior A.F was studying Biology and Junior A.A wanted to become the first doctor in her family. Sadly, this is the sixty seventh mass shooting in America in 2023. That means there have been more mass shootings than days so far this year. President B today renewing his call to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. 

This is the academic building where the police says first shooting was reported. Students here tell us when they heard a gunman was on campus, they fled or barricaded themselves in their dorms. One told me he called his family while in hiding. He thought it could be the last time he spoke to them. Police say the first dispatch calls came in around 8:18 PM, after a gunman opened fire inside Berkey Hall Monday. Inside, officers found two MSU students dead and several wounded. They said the gunman then went to the nearby student union, where he killed another student. Authorities have identified the shooter as forty-three-year-old A.M. They say he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound and that he had no known affiliation with the school. The shooting comes nearly five years to the day since seventeen students and staff were killed in Parkland, Florida. The number of children in K-through-12 experiencing school shooting since 1999 has surged from 187,000 in 2018 to more than 338,000 now. Some students here have survived other school shootings, including one in Oxford, Michigan just fifteen months ago and the one at Sandy Hook Elementary back in 2012. Classes here are canceled until Monday.
