---
title: CBS Evening News 02.12.23
date: 2023-02-13 20:56:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It has happened again. Today, another aerial object was shot down by US warplanes, amid bipartisan about an absence of details regarding these incidents the latest shoot down happened over Lake Huron, following those over Canada’s Yukon territory and off the coast of Alaska and the Carolinas. In a tweet, Representative E.S of Michigan said the object was downed by pilots from the US Air Force and National Guard. 

Four take downs in eight days. It’s the latest in a series of responses to those unidentified high-altitude objects floating over North America. Officials on both sides are demanding more details as other officials say that the object was smaller and didn’t closely resemble the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier this month. Canadian Prime Minister J.T double down on his decision to take out unidentified object over the Yukon on Saturday. US and Canadian forces are now in recovery mode, piecing together several objects that American fighter jets shot down. The US downed an aerial object the size of a small car on Friday over Alaska. It landed on sea ice and crews are still working to get answers on who owned it and what it was. Lawmakers, who were critical over President B’s timing on shooting down the Chinese spy balloon over earlier this month, say while they’re demanding details on who is behind the latest objects, they’re pleased with the response. Officials are on alert, temporarily shutting down the airspace over Montana on Saturday after concerns of a radar anomaly near the Canadian border. Today, they said it was an unmanned object which was shot down over Lake Huron. Now, senior administration officials here at the White House say they have no indication that the latest unmanned object had surveillance capability but they are not ruling that out. They also say that the object didn’t pose any military threats to the ground. 
