---
title: CBS Evening News 02.23.23
date: 2023-02-24 20:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re broadcasting live abroad the USS Nimitz. And while we can’t give you our exact location, we can tell you we are here in the western Pacific Ocean. We landed here just moments ago after boarding a C-2 Greyhound in Guam and landing on the deck of this massive aircraft carrier that stretches nearly eleven hundred foot long. That’re more than three football fields. And about this exact location, it’s called Vulture’s Row. It is a viewing platform high above the flight deck where the crew and others can observe the flight operations below. Today, the world is marking one year in the war in Ukraine when Russia unleashed the largest ground invasion in Europe since World War II. We’ve got reports tonight from Ukraine and from the Pentagon. Tonight, the US is confirming that they’re going to be sending additional troops Taiwan. That’s big news. It is historic because the troops will deploy to the crucial island to help build out a training program amid increasing tensions with China. It’s here in the western Pacific where America’s Naval power is on full display. The USS Nimitz with more than sixty planes and five thousand sailors. Guam is where we work off from this morning. It is considered the tip of the spear. One part of the Marianas, a strategic location used during World War II to launch the bombs that forced Japan to surrender. Today, Guam houses three military bases for Air Force, Navy, and now a new home to five thousand crews. The first new US military base in seventy years. Part of the new buildup in the region. Defense Secretary L.A announcing earlier this month the US will expand its military presence in the Philippines. 
