---
title: CBS Evening News 08.04.23
date: 2023-08-05 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with chaotic weather across much of the nation from scorching heat to thunderstorms and heavy rain. Millions of Americans are under flood alerts tonight and flash flood emergencies were declared in parts of Kentucky and Tennessee this morning after torrential downpours dropped nearly a foot of rain in some areas. Entire neighborhoods are under water in Union City, Tennessee, where residents were rescued from their homes evacuated. In the rest of the South, it’s the heat making things dangerous for sixty-five million Americans. It’s been that way almost every day this summer in Arizona and Texas.

Tonight, severe weather slamming parts of the south. Nearly a foot of rain falling over twenty-four hours in northwest Tennessee, flash floods forcing emergency evacuations. This trailer parking community under waist-deep water, some two-dozen people rescued onto dry land. A frightening scene in Union City, Tennessee, video taken from a front porch showing the widespread high-water levels. Parts of Kentucky and Alabama soaked, too, leaving this roadway washed out. This comes as the record-breaking heat makes a comeback across the south and west. Millions of people from Texas to Arizona, under triple-digit excessive heat warnings as folks brace for the return of oppressive temperatures. The agency that manages Texas’s power grid has issued a watch for next week when we’re expecting more temperatures in the triple digits and demand to be up. Now, they say, so far, the power grid has hold up, even after setting seven new peak demand records, just this summer. 
