---
title: CBS Evening News 01.18.23
date: 2023-01-19 20:30:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are new details in that case of a missing mom, her husband accused of murdering her. Well, he’ being held without bail tonight. And the investigators are now lying out a timeline of his alleged Google searches. The day of her disappearance at 4:55 AM police say B.W searched “how long before a body starts smell”. Plus in Ukraine, more on that tragic helicopter crash. President B and the First Lady sending their condolences tonight after fourteen were killed, including the highest ranking Ukrainian officials to die since the invasion began. But first, the weather threat that is facing tens of millions of Americans across the country. In Colorado, the biggest January snowstorm in more than three decades. It dropped a foot of snow in the Denver area. Interstate 70 was shut down in both directions after a multi-vehicle pileup. And in the South, there are reports of a tornado in Southern Arkansas. Four states on alert tonight, with tornado watches in effect.

Some severe storms, like we saw produce damage in Arkansas, could put their way into Tennessee and Mississippi through the rest of evening, watching for strong winds and potential tornado touchdowns as well. That area highlighted in red most likely to see the storms, but here is the good news. That storm line looks to weaken as it pushes through Georgia and the Carolinas early tomorrow and through the day on Thursday. However, severe weather could rear its ugly head across the Ohio River Valley, including places like Columbus, Cleveland Detroit and Pittsburgh. That storm then pushes across the Northeast through the rest of the day tomorrow. The snow is there from the upper Midwest over into the Northeast where as much as five to eight more inches is in the forecast here. Then we watch for the next one come in toward the weekend and beyond, as that low tracks along I-70 and eventually into Northeast still looking for our first measurable snow of the season here in places like New York as well as Philadelphia.
