---
title: CBS Evening News 06.01.23
date: 2023-06-02 21:38:29
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with surprising new details in the collapse of an apartment building in Davenport, Iowa. City officials today review that a structural engineer warned that the building’s brick façade was in imminent risk of crumbling. That’s just days before Sunday’s partial collapse. The report stated that the condition of the building’s exterior posed a safety hazard, yet residents were not told evacuate. Tenants had long complained about the building’s upkeep. Three residents of the six-story apartment building remain unaccounted for four full days after the collapse. Family members and friends are holding out hope that their loved ones will be found alive. 

City authorities are struggling to figure out when and how to demolish this building. Despite the destruction you see behind me and multiple complaints, the building had passed several inspections. The city’s chief building official signed off on at least one of those inspections and resigned yesterday. Tonight, the six-floor building remains cordoned off from the public, with three individuals presumed inside. Documents released last night by the city include notices of violations, engineering reports, and years of complaints from residents of cracks in the walls and ceilings. Repairing on the century-old building’s brick exterior began months ago. Then just days before the collapse, an engineer hired by the building’s owner reported that portions of the bricks façade appear ready to fall imminently. 
