---
title: CBSN Evening News 05.25.23
date: 2023-05-26 21:04:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the first in a wave of sentencings of the ten people convicted of seditious conspiracy for their role in the pro-T January 6th assault on the Capitol. Well, today, a federal judge handed down the most severe prison sentence to date to the eye-patched founder of the oath-keepers. S.R, the fifty-eight-year-old leader of the far-right and antigovernment militia, was sentenced to eighteen years in prison for his crimes. R remained defiant declaring himself a political prisoner while prior to the sentence the judge had harsh words for R saying he led his followers during the insurrection in what amounted to domestic terrorism. The judge also told R that he presents “an ongoing threat and apparel to this country to the republic and to the very fabric of our democracy”.

The judge said January 6th imperiled American democracy and S.R was a critical part of it. Then the judge issued a sobering warning about the risks that lie ahead. S.R is a Yale Law grad, a former service member and founder of oath keeper was convicted of conspiring to mobilize his own fighting force at the Capitol January 6th, planning weeks in advance to raise money, prepare gear, and to ready a team if then-president T invoked the Insurrection Act, which R urged in a letter to T. R, who lost an eye in firearms incident years ago, was accused of leading a plot to stage guns as near the Capitol as possible in January 6th. Federal judge A.M called R an ongoing threat to America and handed down a sentence that will keep R in prison until nearly 2040. R argued at sentencing he’s political prisoner that he and other T supporters are being targeted by a regime. And he claims the Oath Keepers were quiet professionals
