---
title: CBS Evening News 07.26.23
date: 2023-07-27 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the stunning collapse of the proposed plea agreement between H.B and the Department of the Justice. The federal judge overseeing the case put the deal on hold after raising concerns about the stall agreement forcing the president’s son to plea not guilty to ??? tax crimes. Prosecutors and defense attorneys dismount together and provide the judge with additional information prior to ??? whether to approve. Today’s court hearing follows a five-year federal investigation led by a D.T appointed US attorney. Republicans blast the original plea as a slap on the risk and accuse justice of interfering of the investigation. 

I was inside the court room by twenty feet from the president’s son. This is an extraordinary hearing unfolded. The deal falls apart and H.B appeared increasingly upset. This morning as H.B entered the Delaware Federal Court; his team carried a sense of optimism. plea deal will bring legal trouble into an end. But Judge M.O, a T appointee said she need more information before she could accept or reject the deal on this ??? tax charges and the gun violation, telling the court she felt she was being asked ??? to agreement she has concerns. The hearing late bear a critical disagreement between US attorney D.W, a T appointee and H.B’s legal team over whether the plea would close the door on future charges for other possible crimes. The probe is ongoing. The judge also had constitutional questions on how the gun charge will be handled. In the plea agreement, the charge would be dismissed if B remain drug-free and commits no additional crimes for two years. H.B left court and did not comment to reporters as originally planned. 
