---
title: CBS Evening News 05.15.23
date: 2023-05-16 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We do want to begin tonight with new details in Monday’s deadly mass shooting in Farmington, New Mexico that killed three people and wounded six others. This afternoon, police have identified the gunman as eighteen-year-old high school senior B.W. Authorities say he carried at least three weapons including an AR style rifle and appeared to target victims in random. They are still searching for motive. The two law enforcement injured during the attack were treated at the hospital. The police chief called it one of the most horrific and difficult days in the city’s history. 

The shooting started at this intersection behind me stretched about a quarter of mile. Investigators say the suspect was shooting randomly at cars and hitting homes and in about ten minutes around one hundred and fifty rounds were fired. Three older women were killed including a mother and a daughter just a day after the Mother’s Day. The new details released by police unveiled more about what happened in the nation’s latest mass shooting. Farmington police say the first shot came at 10:56 AM, at 11:02 AM police have found the suspect. And four minutes later, at 11:06 AM, the suspect was shot and an officer was down. Farmington police say, they fired sixteen total rounds, the suspect well over one hundred. Officers say at least one of the three guns was purchased illegally. A candle light vigil’s mayor spoke to the grieve stricken community. Family members have told investigators that the suspect may have some mental health issues. It’s also worth-noting that there are three high school graduations and there will be increased police presence at all of those events.

