---
title: CBS Evening News 05.10.23
date: 2023-05-11 22:31:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a criminal probe within the halls of Congress that could have major consequences for control of the House. Embattled Congressman G.S pleaded not guilty today to a thirteen-count federal indictment in a New York courtroom. The litany of charges includes fraud and money laundering, linked to the New York Republican’s 2022 political campaign. He has previously admitted to lying about his resume, his family, and his religion. The first-term Congressman is following the D.T playbook by calling the prosecution a witch hunt. More than a dozen of his fellow Republicans in Congress have called on S to resign and the Speaker of the House isn’t going that far. But this just in, K.M says he will not back S for reelection. 

Prosecutors says S relied on repeated dishonesty and deception to get elected and to enrich himself. And today, S met those allegations with that same defiance that he has been showing since it was first revealed he fabricated much of his resume and background. Chased by reporters and cameras outside a Long Island courtroom, G.S used the spotlight to launch his criminal defense. S was released on bond, after pleading not guilty to charges of fraud, money laundering and making false statements with his 2022 congressional campaign. In a thirteen-count indictment, prosecutors detailed an alleged scheme by S to solicit funds from donors who believed they were contributing to his campaign. Instead, they say, S spent the money on personal expenses, including luxury items like designer clothes and credit card payments. They said, S lied about his income and his assets on these candidate disclosure form. S said those prosecutors don’t have all the evidence. Prosecutors also accused S of falsely claiming thousands of dollars in pandemic unemployment benefits while they say he was actually making six figures working at a Florida-based investment firm. Today, House Speaker K.M said S is innocent until proven guilty. S said he would return to work in Washington. 
