---
title: CBS Evening News 03.01.23
date: 2023-03-02 18:53:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, our continuing series on Retirement focuses on tens of millions of Americans that don’t have a retirement plans with their employers. So with some advices, what you can do to up your savings as you approach the golden years. But first, we want to get straight to that breaking news. A Pennsylvania man under arrest tonight after he allegedly tried to check a bag with what the TSA says was indeed, a live explosive device. That flight was bound for Florida. Also in the bag, according to investigators a can of highly flammable butane, a lighter, a pipe with white powder residue and a wireless drill cordless battery. And now part of the airport was evacuated. The forty-year-old man was in charge with attempting to place an explosive or incendiary device on an aircraft. 

Investigators say this is M.M, caught on Lehigh Valley International Airport surveillance cameras Monday pulling two black pieces of luggage and allegedly booked a flight on Allegiant flight 201 bound for Orlando. According to court documents, M never got on that flight. But he did check one of the bags. The TSA screening found a circular compound, approximately three inches in diameter hidden in lining of the baggage with two fuses attached, plus a mixture of flash powder used in commercial grade fireworks. Authorities paged M over the airport’s public address system. But he left the airport and went home. A bag tag with his name on it helped investigators tracking him down and arrest him. 
