---
title: CBS Evening News 04.10.23
date: 2023-04-11 21:12:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the city of Louisville, Kentucky is reeling after four people were killed and nine others wounded when a twenty-five-year-old gunman livestreaming the attack opened fire with a rifle inside the bank where he worked. Police showed up in just three minutes. He was killed in a shootout that has a rookie officer clinging to life. That officer shot in the head had been on force for just ten days. The four people killed today at the Old National Bank were between forty and sixty-four years old. One of those killed was a close friend of Kentucky Governor A.B who fought back tears and called all of the victims irreplaceable, amazing individuals. President B called the shooting senseless and once again urged the congress to take action on gun reform. We are not even one hundred days into the year and there have already been one hundred and forty-six mass shooting in this country. 

Flags at all state buildings here in Kentucky are flying at half staff to honor the victims in day’s mass shooting. Police are trying to figure out why the gunman, who started working as an intern in 2018 at the bank behind me and who had a business degree turned violent, killing some of his colleagues. Calls to 911 started to coming in just after 8:30 this morning. Within three minutes, police officers arrived at the Old National Bank in downtown Louisville. Police say the suspect used an AR-15 style rifle and police immediately began to exchange gunfire. Louisville Metro Police have identified the gunman as twenty-five-year-old C.S, an employee at the bank. When it was over, four people were shot and killed, nine taken to nearby hospital including rookie officer N.W on the job just ten days who was shot in the head. Tonight, SWAT team and investigators are at the suspect’s home searching for motive. 
