---
title: CBS Evening News 07.11.23
date: 2023-07-12 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with record-breaking weather. The catastrophic flooding impacting communities across Vermont as the northeast braces for more storms. The worst flooding in nearly one hundred years has cut off entire communities and caused tens of millions of dollars in damage, with homes, cars and roads even railroads tracks washed away. President B approved an emergency declaration to help coordinate relief efforts. And from California to Florida nearly ninety million Americans are under heat alerts. In Phoenix, Arizona the temperature has topped one hundred and ten degrees everyday this month. And it’s expected to reach nearly one twenty by the weekend. 

As you can see behind me, a good portion of downtown Montpelier is still under water tonight with the extreme flooding. Officials are worried the water is contaminated and have enacted a boil water notice. More than six inches of rain in two days caused widespread flooding, leaving few areas untouched. A.M, co-owner of Sam’s Steakhouse, showed us as he went back for the first time since the storm. Ring camera video captured the restaurant kitchen filling with water overtaking equipment. Now, the two-year-old restaurant is an absolute mess. Nearly the whole town needs rebuilding. The damage is extensive, take a look at this, a railroad track dangling at least sixty feet in the air, after the storm washed the ground away. Out west in Phoenix, Arizona, it’s a different kind of misery. A heat dome has settled in, and people are just trying to cope.
