---
title: CBS Evening News 02.28.23
date: 2023-03-01 19:53:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we continue our series on retirement with some important tips on how to get emotionally prepared for your golden years. Plus, how a jazz legend from New Orleans is inspiring the next generation to make sure the music never stops. But first, two major winter storm systems are blasting the US from coast to coast on this final day in February. In the northeast, as much as seven to eight inches of snow was on the ground by morning in western Massachusetts while Fairfield County, Connecticut got more than a foot. This as the second powerful storm moves into the western US bringing blizzard warnings and dangerous travel conditions to California Sierra Nevada. This latest system will move across the southern US with days ahead. And it is expected to turn into a severe weather later in the week. 

This city was slapped with more than six inches of snow which meant that dozens of snowplows spent the day clearing roads and piling up the white stuff into mounds like you see behind me. It was manageable here. Still, this late season, chill was felt all over. For many in New England, the overnight snow storm was a welcome sign in what’s been a mild winter. For M.B, who owns a snow removal company, it simply meant relief after a long season of struggle. New York City escaped the brunt of winter blast. Fewer than two inches of snow fell in Manhattan, turning the morning commute into a slushy mess. In Michigan, the cleanup continues from last week’s ice storm. Thousands of homes have been without power for up to six days. In northern California, major highways are shut down, a blizzard warning in effect through the night. 
