---
title: CBS Evening News 09.13.23
date: 2023-09-14 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a dramatic end of a two-week manhunt for an escaped killer in Pennsylvania. Fugitive D.C was captured early this morning after a DEA plane picked up his heat signal. We are just getting this new mugshot police found with a rifle in his possession. It was a police dog who bit C’s scalp and ultimately latched onto his thigh, likely putting him in excruciating pain. He was found in a wooded area about twenty miles from the prison. The massive manhunt involved five hundred members of law enforcement working around the clock, including officials with the state police, FBI, ATF, US Marshalls Service, and the border patrol. 

State police say, once in motion, the capture of D.C today happened within five minutes. Tonight, he is in custody at SCI Phoenix, a maximum-security prison Northwest of Philadelphia to serve life-sentence for first degree murder. Now, police are revealing how the massive search came to a dramatic end. Police say a burglar alarm went off within their search perimeter just after midnight. About an hour later, an aircraft using a thermal technology picked up a signal, and just before 8 AM this morning, tactical units surrounded C as he tried to escaped with a stolen rifle. But law enforcement released a K9 to hold him. C was seen wearing a Philadelphia Eagles football sweatshirt. His face bloodied from a dog-bite injury to his scalp.
