---
title: CBS Evening News 02.06.23
date: 2023-02-07 19:16:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There are new developments tonight in the Chinese balloon stories that the Pentagon revealing today the US navy has collected a majority of that Chinese aircraft shut down over the weekend off the South Carolina coast. And the senior US general responsible for bringing down that balloon, making a stunning mission, there were four more spy balloons. One under President J.B and three during the T administration. We’re going to have more on that in just a moment. The other big headline, officials in Ohio and Pennsylvania are closely monitoring that toxic situation after a train derailed. Communities are under investigation orders and some people refused to leave home. But first, nearly four thousand people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Turkey and Syria. The death toll is climbing after the collapse of thousands of buildings. Rescue crews are still searching for survivors. So far nearly eight thousand people had been rescued. The United States joining more than twenty other countries to pledge aids in support of Turkey. 

As many as twenty thousand people may have been killed according to the World Health Organization. Now, that initial powerful quake struck just after 4 A.M as most people were sleeping followed by unusually strong second earthquake and dozens of aftershocks. Buildings collapse faster than people can flee, killing thousands and trapping countless more. This little girl was one of those lucky ones to escape. Others still trapped beneath their crumbling homes post videos to social media, begging for help. On the surface, a grandmother desperately searches for her daughter and eighteen-month-old grandson. The bitter cold and snow are making rescue efforts even more grueling. Tens of thousands of wounded crowds into hospitals. Children shake from both freezing temperatures and the trauma as the death toll balloons. Around the epicenter, little has been spared. Gaziantep’s historic castle which for more than two millennia now in ruins. The president of Turkey is calling it his country’s worst disaster in more than eighty years. On the border with Syria, it’s a region that’s riddled with fault lines and civil war. After more than a decade of dodging bombs and gunfire, the white helmet volunteers must once again pull small survivors from the rubble.
