---
title: CBS Evening News 04.21.23
date: 2023-04-21 19:53:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We do begin tonight with breaking news the Supreme Court just issued a decision that will allow access to the common abortion drug, mifepristone while the legal process continues. The justices granted an emergency access from the B administration and the drug maker after a US District judge revoked the FDA’s twenty-three-year-old approval to the drug. Mifepristone is a medication that has been used by millions of American women since it was approved in 2000. It was approved for use through ten weeks of pregnancy and it is also commonly prescribed to treat miscarriages. More than half of all abortions in the United States use medication. This is the first major action by the nation’s highest court related to abortion rights since it overturned R.V.W last summer. 

It was a brief, unsigned order the court issued today that blocked those lower court rulings, which means the pill will be available now nationwide through the next few months while these appeals kind of play out. Two of the nine justices conservative Justice S.A and C.T had dissented here. But there were no other noted dissented. Obviously, I think this was the expected outcome. There are conservative legal principles at the heart of this case that suggested this court is not going to allow a lower court judge to ban a drug that the FDA approved more than two decades ago. But, in the meantime, for that fear, states had already been stockpiling drugs, worried that the court might take a different course.
