---
title: CBS Evening News 04.30.23
date: 2023-05-01 20:57:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the intensifying manhunt in Texas for the suspect accused of killing five of his neighbors ages eight to thirty-one years old. This afternoon, the FBI announced an eighty thousand dollars reward for information leading to the arrest of this man, thirty-eight-year-old F.O. The shooting happened in Cleveland, Texas, a rural community about forty-five miles north of Houston. 

Authorities just finished a press conference here where they announced that rewarded and said that they have no idea where the suspect is. It has been almost two days since this incident happened. And tonight, he remained elusive. A widening search tonight for the man suspected of murdering five people. Law enforcement says almost execution style in his Cleveland, Texas home. Investigators say thirty-eight-year-old F.O has left the nearby wooded area that they searched on Saturday. Sheriff’s deputies say the deadly rampage started late Friday night. The suspect’s neighbor W.G asked him to stop firing his gun in his yard so they could put a baby to sleep. After that talk with his neighbor, investigators say O who had been drinking, took an AR-style rifle, entered his neighbor’s home and started firing. Ten people were shot. Five were killed, the youngest, an eight-year-old boy. The Sheriff says two female victims were found on top of children, perhaps trying to protect them. O fled the scene, while authorities believe they have his rifle. They say he should be considered armed and extremely dangerous. 
