---
title: CBSN Evening News 05.24.23
date: 2023-05-25 21:04:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Breaking news in the presidential campaign of 2024. Florida Governor R.D just made it official, launching his bid for the Republican Nomination. But his announcement on Twitter was met with a lot of technical issues. 

A launch for president on Twitter, Florida Governor R.D posted a video making it official and spoke on Twitter spaces alongside the controversial billionaire and CEO E.M who had said he’d support a conventional candidate. D late spoke to Fox News. D’s announcement kicks into motion a long-expected campaign now facing significant challenges as the GOP field expands and rivals call him out as an imitation of T. A T ally called D’s online launch out-of-touch and CBSN polling shows D trailing T by more than thirty points. Aides say D’s polices will boost his candidacy. But it remains to be seen how his track record, which includes signing conservative bills on abortion, transgender rights and education is seen nationwide. D’s rivals see him as an increasingly vulnerable due to T repeated attack. And sources tell me that those competitors will take on D directly on the campaign trail and on the debate stage. 

Back here in Washington, the suspect accused of crashing a rented truck into security barrier near the White House on Monday appeared in a DC courtroom today. Nineteen-year-old S.V.K of Chesterfield, Missouri was ordered to remain behind bars until a detention hearing on Tuesday. It comes as Department of Homeland Security issued a new terror related bulletin warning of threats based on ideological beliefs. 
