---
title: CBS Evening News 02.08.23
date: 2023-02-09 20:58:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B is taking his message directly to voters, one day after delivering his State of the Union Address to a combative crowd of Republican lawmakers. The president’s trip to the battleground state of Wisconsin is a kickoff of what’s expected to be his 2024 re-election bid. Plus, tonight, we’ve got our exclusive interview with the Secretary of Defense, L.A. You are going to want to hear what he has to say about that Chinese spy balloon and why he was concerned about America’s nuclear arsenal. But first, the death toll continues to rise across Turkey and Syria, at this hour surpassing twelve thousand since Monday’s massive earthquake. The WHO warning tonight that number could reach twenty thousand killed. At least three US citizen are among the dead. Rescue teams are digging through rubbles of collapsed buildings, bucket by bucket in a desperate search for survivors. 

Rescuers are sleeplessly peeling back the fourteen stories of apartment building that came crashing down behind me. So far, none of the twenty eight families who lived here have been found alive, but these bulldozers and cranes are not giving up. Sometimes, bottle caps are more powerful than bulldozers. Some people were sleeping inside when this building collapsed. International help is on the way including American search and rescue teams who arrived here today. The only road the UN authorizes to carry supplies from Turkey to Syria is now mangled by the earthquake. The search and rescue effort continues behind me, and it could not be more urgent. The first three days after an earthquake offer the best opportunity for finding survivors, and the sun has just set on day three.
