---
title: CBS Evening News 05.17.23
date: 2023-05-17 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the stunning allegation by Prince H and M.M’s spokesperson that they were involved in a near-catastrophic car chase at the hands of a ring of highly aggressive paparazzi allegedly involving half a dozen black-out vehicles, while the couple was in New York City as M.M was given an award by G.S during the Women of Vision Awards gala in Manhattan. The news that H and M were relentlessly pursued in a chase that resulted in multiple near-collisions brought back memories of the fatal car crash of H’s mother, Princess D in the summer of 1997. New York City Mayor E.A condemned the paparazzi and called their actions reckless and irresponsible.

Right now, the NYPD is investigating exactly what took place across the streets of the country’s biggest city last night, but for many, hearing that phrase “near-catastrophic car chase” certainly evoke the memory of the late Princess D’s death nearly twenty-six years ago. In Midtown Manhattan last night, Prince H and M.M stepped out to cheers and stepped into apparent danger after a spokesperson says, the royal couple were involved in a near-catastrophic car chase. The Duke and Duchess accused highly aggressive paparazzi of relentlessly pursuing them at times driving sidewalks in an incident lasting more than two hours. Law enforcement sources tell CBSN after leaving the event around 10PM, the couple did not want the paparazzi to know where they were staying, so they circled Midtown for more than an hour with NYPD squad cars providing crowd control. Police say while H and M were not in danger, two uniform officers could have been injured during the incident. At one point, the couple jumped into the back of S.S’s yellow cab outside the 19th Precinct, but he only drove them around for about ten to fifteen minutes. The couple finally arrived at the police station where they were able to switch cars and get home safely. 
