---
title: CBS Evening News 03.09.23
date: 2023-03-10 19:27:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a small look at smart glass, the new technology that could save you money on your energy bills and help the planet. Plus, honoring abolitionist H.T with a new monument to remember those who have previously been denied recognition. But first, yet another Norfolk Southern train has derailed, this time in Alabama with thirty-seven cars coming off the tracks. There are no reports of injuries or hazardous material and the NTSB is headed to the scene. The agency is also opened an investigation into the company’s safety practices after five serious incidents since December of 2021 including the toxic train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio, all this taking place as Norfolk Southern CEO A.S was on the hot seat in Capitol Hill facing questions about the East Palestine derailment and its impact on the community. 

Since the train went off the tracks just behind me, releasing toxic chemicals, this community has demanded Norfolk Southern clean up the mess that they say is making many of them sick. Today, many residents watch the senate hearing hoping lawmakers would hold the company accountable. This was the scene in Calhoun County, Alabama this morning after another north Norfolk southern train derailed. The train was the fourth operated by Norfolk Southern to derail in the last five weeks. It happened just hours before Senators from both parties grilled CEO A.S over the February 3rd toxic train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio. The railroad should be held responsible. A spokesperson for another Senate committee told CBSN that CEO A.S will appear before another Senate Panel on rail safety in about two weeks. 
