---
title: CBS Evening News 11.10.23
date: 2023-11-11 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with mounting global pressure on Israel over the war on Gaza and the soaring number of civilian casualties. America’s top diplomat, Secretary of State A.B, joined the growing list of those who speaking out, and French President E.M was even more blunt in an interview with the BBC calling on Israel to stop killing women and babies, in his words. Prime Minister N visiting Israeli troops on this Shabbat, telling them fighting will not stop until the task is completed. Israeli tanks have surrounded hospitals in Gaza City. Israel accuses Hamas of setting up infrastructure in and around those hospital facilities. Palestinian officials say several dozen people were killed after explosions at hospitals and that the total number of deaths in Gaza now topped eleven thousand. The UN says the constant bombardment has destroyed or damaged more than forty-five percent of all of the homes in Gaza. 

The United Nations warning tonight that the protection of hospitals and the delivery of life-saving medical supplies is an obligation under the laws of war, and both it says, are both needed in Gaza right now. A massive strike at the Al-Shifa hospital grounds Gaza’s largest medical facility. Israel insists Hamas is using hospitals to coordinate attacks, and hide its commanders, but sheltering at Al-Shifa, thousands of civilians. Their one place of refuge now a blood-soaked battleground. Reeling in stunned disbelief, this man shouts “They bombed the hospitals”. Nearby, a younger girl breaks down, crying hysterically. Inside, doctors and nurses fight another war, the battle to keep the injured alive with virtually every critical medical supply running out. Today, at least five hospitals have been caught up in the fighting including one for children. 
