---
title: CBS Evening News 11.15.23
date: 2023-11-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the war in Israel and Hamas escalating around the besieged Al Shifa hospital in Gaza City. Israeli troops stormed the hospital and what it calls targeted raids in a search for Hamas militants. Israel Defense Forces interrogated people inside but say they have not found any members of Hamas and found no evidence of hostages being held there. The IDF says they did find evidence of Hamas command center, and there were weapons inside the building. Israeli Prime Minister N today promising to bring hostages home and said there is no shelter or refuge for the Hamas murderers. And for the first time since the beginning of the war, fuel trucks were allowed to enter Gaza today. Israel is blocking the six thousand gallons from reaching hospitals saying the fuel can only be used by UN groups that are delivering aid. 

National Security Council’s J.K said today that the US did not give the green light to Israel’s raid on Al Shifa hospital which began with fiery clashes outside the complex which the military said killed four Hamas fighters. The target, Al Shifa. The decision, to send troops into the hospital marking an escalation in Israel’s offensive in Gaza. When Israeli soldiers finally entered, not a single shot was fired. But they say they found proof that Hamas was operating there showing this as evidence. What they did not show were any Hamas fighters and they made no mention of the tunnels they’ve repeatedly said double up as the group’s command center underneath the complex. Also, inside the besieged hospital civilians seeking refuge and critically ill patients. Their presence fueling international calls for a ceasefire. A place of healing turned into a battle zone. Since yesterday, medical staff have moved patients to safer areas through dust and smoke-filled corridors. 
