---
title: CBS Evening News 03.17.23
date: 2023-03-18 18:57:53
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the FBI and Justice Department are investigating Tik Tok’s Chinese parent company for potentially spying on American citizens. Plus, it’s Friday, so we go on the road with an artist whose talent has given him a new lease on life. But first, extraordinary news today about Russia’s leader V.P. The International Criminal Court at the Hague issued an arrest warrant for the Russian president for war crimes, implicating him in the abduction of thousands of Ukrainian children during the war. Ukraine’s president hailed the move as a historic decision but the charges largely symbolic. 

Tonight, the International Criminal Court is now backing Ukraine’s claim that Russia is abducting its children. Ukrainians here feels it’s the first step to justice. Russian propaganda claims the country is trying to save Ukraine’s children. And that the hearts of Russians are big and benevolent. But the International Criminal Court tonight was clear, Russia is kidnapping and reeducating children as Russians. Accused of war crimes are President V.P himself and M.L.B, the director of his alleged abductions. Moscow has denied the accusations and does not recognize the ICC. The news comes as diplomatic support arrives from China. Today, Beijing confirmed President X will travel to Russia to meet with P on Monday. Beijing has proposed a ceasefire, which the White House dismissed. And a new show of solidarity for Ukraine from Slovakia following Poland together pledged at least seventeen Soviet-designed fighter jets. While old or in need of repair, the hope is it could break Europe’s hesitation to send even more war planes. But, in a remote Ukrainian farming village Solonchaky, far from the halls of power, seventy-year-old N.K never imaging war would land in her backyard. 
