---
title: CBS Evening News 11.09.23
date: 2023-11-10 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with breaking news in a series of potentially deadly and targeted attacks on election workers across the country. The FBI and investigators from the US Postal Service are looking into more than a dozen letters some containing fentanyl, that were sent to election offices in at least five states. Workers in some of those offices were processing ballots from Tuesday’s election and in some cases the buildings were evacuated, interrupting the counting of votes. Since 2020 there’s been a rise in threats, harassments and intimidation of election officials. 

Tonight, FBI agents and postal inspectors are racing to figure out who is behind these threats. Those letters were just dropped in the mail by someone who seems to be bent on terrorizing election workers. A source familiar with the investigation tells CBSN there are more than a dozen letters being investigated addressed to election offices in Washington State, Oregon, California, Nevada, Georgia that may have been mailed from the Pacific Northwest. Initial tests show that some of the letters contain trace amounts of fentanyl, but more definitive tests are ongoing. In Georgia, where election officials have been targeted since 2020, the secretary of state says the threat is personal. Fulton County has been the recipient of numerous election-related threats over the last several years. It’s the Country where former President T has been indicted, along with eighteen others in connection with an alleged racketeering case. 
