---
title: CBS Evening News 07.29.23
date: 2023-07-30 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Sweltering, scorching, sizzling, there are many ways to say it is hot. And millions of Americans are once again this weekend feel it. But there is relief in sight, including in the steamy southwest where the heat has been historic, punishing and deadly. Tonight, more than a hundred million Americans in at least twenty states remain under heat alerts and advisories from coast to coast. 

It's a humid, sweltering evening, it has been over ninety most of the day, where the heat-index, it’s closer to a hundred. The northeast getting scorched this weekend capping off the hottest July ever recorded. When it is this hot, access to cooling isn’t just about comfort. It can be a matter of life and death. As New Yorkers try to get cool off, power grids are at risk of overheating too. The city’s utility company Com Edison is warning people to use their AC’s only as much as needed. Temperatures are so hot in Tucson, Arizona even cacti are dying. Phoenix has spent nearly a month enduring temperatures over a hundred and ten degrees. Wild weather in the Midwest as people spotted near Iowa Falls. A heat-related tragedy in late Lake station Indianna Humane Society officials say as many as ten policy dogs were killed when the AC failed in the truck they were being transported in. In Minnesota, the lack of rain has been devastating for farmers. The heat brought his unwelcome visitor to a woman’s home in Burbank, California. He thought he would cool off in her pool before taking a nap in a tree. In New York, tourists hoping to enjoy a summer sightseeing cruise are now questioning their decisions. 
