---
title: CBS Evening News 01.14.23
date: 2023-01-15 21:02:04
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the growing political firestorm over President J.B’s handling of classified information. Today, a new disclosure, more classified documents were discovered at Mr. B’s Delaware home from his time as Vice President. So far, we know roughly twenty classified records that have been uncovered in two locations. This week’s revelations, first reported by CBSN come as the president approaches a difficult reelection bid and as the White House struggles to contain the damage. 

Today, a top White House lawyer says they found more documents with classified markings at President B’s home. Those documents are now in the hands of the Department of Justice. Departing for his Delaware home Friday, the President ignored reporters’ questions about the DOJ inquiry into his handling, or possible mishandling classified material. It’s the same Wilmington residence White House attorney R.S says he visited Thursday to supervise the handover of one document found in a room adjacent to the garage. S says, while there, five additional pages with classified markings were discovered for a total of six pages. DOJ officials on site immediately took possession of the documents according to his statement. This week, Attorney General M.G announced the appointment of Special Counsel R.H to head the investigation. Something that White House says it was not informed about in advance. The first documents were discovered in November, but the White House did not go public about the issue until Monday. The same day CBSN broke the story, frustrating fellow Democrats. Housing Republicans expressing outrage this week, announcing their own investigations. 
