---
title: CBS Evening News 10.13.23
date: 2023-10-14 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The big headline today is the evacuation order of more than one million Palestinians from northern Gaza raising concerns of a worsening humanitarian disaster. Israeli planes dropped thousands of leaflets warnings residents to leave the area immediately. A pending ground invasion of Gaza appears imminent. The UN says moving almost half the population would result in “devastating humanitarian consequences”. The Israeli military also began conducting targeted raids inside Gaza to hunt down Hamas militants and search for the hostages. At the White House, President B spoke with the families of fourteen Americans who are still unaccounted for following last Saturday’s attacks. And the State Department says the first charter flight to evacuate American citizens from here in Israel has landed in Greece. The number of people killed continues to rise with more than thirteen hundred in Israel, and over nineteen hundred in Gaza, including six hundred children. And today, Reuters videographer I.A was killed and six others injured by Israeli shelling across border in Lebanon. 

Israel’s massive airstrikes are continuing tonight as Palestinian families desperately run for cover and there’s no way of knowing how many evacuated from their homes in northern Gaza. Carrying whatever they can, Palestinians flee their homes in Northern Gaza on foot following Israel’s border by leaflets for more than one million people who live there to evacuate. A massive evacuation the UN says is impossible. According to Hamas, seventy people, mostly women and children were killed in an Israeli airstrike that hit a convoy fleeing Gaza city. Since Hamas’ deadly rampage across southern Israel, Israeli military has carried out thousands of strikes across the Palestinian territory, inflicting mass casualties and pushing the already ailing health care system to the brink as doctors struggle to treat so many wounded. Israel is now blockading food, fuel, and water causing even more misery. 
