---
title: CBS Evening News 01.21.23
date: 2023-01-22 19:49:47
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news about President B’s handling of classified documents. Tonight, the president’s lawyer say six more documents with classification markings have been found after the FBI was giving full access to Mr. B’s Wilmington, Delaware home. Their search Friday lasted nearly thirteen hours. The Bs were not present. Authorities also took possession of other material and handwritten notes. A special counsel has been appointed to investigate. Now, to the renewed battle over abortion rights. Today, abortion proponents gathered in San Francisco. This weekend marks fifty years since the Roe versus Wade decision gave the Americans the constitutional rights to abortion, a decision that was overturned last summer. 

Abortion right does remain at the forefront of our national debate here in Washington, in the states and ahead of the 2024 presidential race. Evangelical leader F.B, son of the famed B.G, was one of the thousands of antiabortion activists who turned up in Washington Friday for the March For Life, arguing that the end of R is not the end of their fight. But the persistence from conservatives on abortion comes as Republicans are at a crossroads. Some, like former President D.T have blamed last year’s disappointing election results on the abortion issue being poorly handled by Republicans. But in the early days of 2024 presidential race, possible T rivals are shaking their heads at T’s assessment and tilting to the right. And the issue has sparked an informal policy standoff among those who might run for president. But many attending the march acknowledged the politics of this issue, long highly charged, remain complicated. Meanwhile, fifty years after R.V.W, Vice President K.H will be in Tallahassee, Florida on Sunday, to deliver a major speech on abortion rights as Democrats continue to push on this issue as well.
