---
title: CBS Evening News 07.15.23
date: 2023-07-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, much of America is baking. A heat that won’t quit. And today begins the second month of extreme temperatures now stretching from Washington to Texas to parts of Florida. And today, at least a dozen new record highs reported, that potentially-deadly heat stifling California. 

Here at the beach is one of the few places in California where temperatures are in the 70s. But across most of the country, the extreme heat is unbearable. And as the heat dome expands, so does the danger. Along Southern California’s beaches, an escape from blistering triple-digit temperatures. The west is in the grip of a deadly, record-breaking heatwave. Death Valley is one of the hottest places on the planet and could hit a record one hundred and thirty degrees but that isn’t scaring away visitors. El Paso, Texas, on a thirty-day streak of temperatures spiking above one hundred. Nationwide, about twenty-seven million people will be suffering 110-degree temperatures through next week. The heat and dry brush that grew out of heavy rainy season are fueling wildfires in southern California. Four thousand acres are burning here in Riverside County. Firefighters are warning that it’s likely to get worse as the summer rolls on, a reality people from coast to coast will now have to live with. 
