---
title: CBS Evening News 03.05.23
date: 2023-03-06 19:54:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The race for the White House is on. Former President D.T took a victory lap after winning more than sixty percent of a strow poll vote at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland. Now, some of his potentially biggest challengers were no-shows at the event, as Republican Primary field is starting to take shape. For the Democrats, President B has yet to face any real competition from within his own party. But today on face the nation. West Virginia Senator and often-Democratic dissenter J.M left the door open for challengers. Mr. B who still has not officially announced his re-election campaign visited Selma, Alabama today, making his case rather for stronger voting rights. 

President B visiting Selma, Alabama today to mark the fifty-eighth anniversary of Bloody Sunday. While there, he called for a legislation that would strengthen voting rights as we are wait an announcement on his potential reelection. In a historic visit to Selma on Sunday, President B walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, when demonstrators fighting for voting rights were attacked by state troopers. The president again pressed for voting rights legislation. Something he has not gotten across the finish line during the first half of his term. The visit comes as he looks to reassure a key voting bloc ahead of a potential 2024 campaign announcement. On Saturday, former President D.T headlined the annual CPAC gathering of conservatives. The former president saying he would stay in the race even if he were to be indicted in some of investigations he faces. At least three major GOP candidates have jumped into the race so far, with several, including the Florida Governor R.D yet to officially making an announcement.
