---
title: CBS Evening News 04.08.23
date: 2023-04-09 20:48:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, nine months after the Supreme Court overturned the America’s constitutional right for women to an abortion, providers are once again scrambling. At issue, use of a key abortion medication after two conflicting court opinions. Last night, a federal judge in Texas blocked the federal government’s decades old approval of Mifepristone, ruling it was not properly tested. But, another judge in Washington State ruled the pill is safe and should remain available in a swath of states. 

Well, the B administration immediately filed a notice to appeal the Texas judge’s decision late last night. Now, the two competing rulings set up a high stakes legal showdown that’s likely to end up before the US Supreme Court. Federal Judge M.K ordered a hold on federal approval of Mifepristone, the most commonly used abortion drug. The B administration says the controversial ruling eliminates basic freedoms for women, putting their health at risk. The judge appointed by President T issued a sixty-seven-page opinion, asserting the FDA’s approval twenty-three years ago violated a federal rule because the drug wasn’t properly tested. The ruling could limit abortion access, even for women in states where the procedure is legal. Anti-abortion rights advocates are pleased with the decision. Federal Judge T.R appointed by President O blocked the FDA from making any changes to Mifepristone availability in seventeen Democrat led states and Washington DC that sued to expand access. Mifepristone is of two approved pills used in more than half of legal abortions in the country. The outcome in this case may undermine the FDA approval process, setting a damaging precedent. 
