---
title: CBS Evening News 03.15.23
date: 2023-03-16 20:04:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, an important consumer alert about the recall of millions of sleep apnea machines and the potential health risks to users. Plus, the inspiring story of one of the world’s best polar explorers, whose toughest journey was a battle with cancer. But first, the rising tension tonight after that confrontation between a US surveillance drone and Russian fighter jets over the black sea. The incident led to a rare phone call between the Secretary of Defense and his counterpart in Moscow. It’s the first time they’ve spoken in nearly five months. The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General M.M said recovering what’s left of the surveillance drone would be difficult. It’s likely thousands of feet deep underwater. But that isn’t stopping Russia from trying.

President B was briefed again today on the downed drone while out here on the road. The Russian says relations between the two countries are at a low point, while White House officials warn all of this increases the risk of miscalculation. In the race to reach the debris of the downed drone, US officials say the Russians arrived at the scene first, about sixty miles southwest of Crimea Peninsula. But getting to it will be a challenge. Officials say the Russians will probably be able to collect some pieces of the unmanned MQ-9 Reaper like metal chunks. But the drone’s software was wiped to ensure nothing valuable was collected. The US has no presence in the Black Sea. But Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General M.M says allies could have it recovered. Former acting Director of the CIA M.M says the Russians might not glean much from a drome loaded with mostly cameras. But they would still want to recover it. The Russians claim the Americans’ increase flying operation is what led to the incident. But Defense Secretary L.A says it’s because of Russian aggression. And in a rare phone call with his Russian counterpart today, A made it clear “United States will continue to fly and to operate wherever international law allows”. With both sides trying to ratchet down tensions, General M stopped short of calling it an act of war. Now US officials are still reviewing photo and video that was transmitted by the drone before a crash to get a better sense of what happened and say they eventually plan to release what they can.
