---
title: CBS Evening News 09.24.23
date: 2023-09-25 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, what has left of tropical storm Ophelia is slowly creeping up the east coast, bringing drenching rain and pounding winds. Flood warnings are posted from the Carolinas to as far north as Maine. In North Carolina, much of the town of Belhaven was left devastated as water crashed into front yards. And along the Jersey Shore, roads were submerged, stranding some in their homes. 

And although it weakened, the remnants of Ophelia still impacting the east coast. Nearly nine million people are under coastal flooding alerts. Tonight, tens of thousands of people along the East Coast are still without power after dealing with twenty hours of destructive winds, heavy rain, and severe flooding. In Virginia, a state of emergency was declared. Overnight in North Carolina, roads were submerged. More than forty car accidents reported in Raleigh. The most serious when a tree fell on this car. The driver crashed, now hospitalized with a head injury. In Greenville, a small pit bull terrier found tied to a fence was rescued, just in time from rising waters. Another dramatic rescue in Cape Lookout, a helicopter lighting the way for Coast Guard to rescue five people including three children stranded on a thirty-eight-foot catamaran. Parts of Maryland seeing extended periods of heavy rainfall and elevated tides. Ocean City residents worried about what’s next. Heavy rains are expected New Jersey, New York and even as far as Boston. 
