---
title: CBS Evening News 05.09.23
date: 2023-05-10 20:43:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news of verdicts in the civil rape and defamation trial of former President D.T. A federal jury in New York found D.T liable for sexually abusing advice columnist E.C nearly thirty years ago. The jury also found former President liable for defaming C when he denied the allegations and said she was lying to get publicity for her book. The former writer for Elle was awarded $5 million dollars in damages. The trial saw C testify in graphic detail about the assault inside a luxury department store dressing room in the 1990s. The jury was also shown a videotaped deposition of T being questioned under oath about the allegations. 

E.C appeared tonight as the jury’s verdict was read. It was an emotional nine-day trial. And in a statement, C called the verdict a victory, not just for her but democracy and sexual assault survivors everywhere. Writer E.C walked out of court saying very little, but the jury’s verdict spoke volumes. After just under three hours of deliberations, the jury of six men and three women found T liable for one count of battery and one count of defamation. It awarded C $2 million dollars for abuse and about $3 million for defamation. C had accused T of raping her in a New York apartment store dressing room in the mid-90s. She first went public with her claim in her 2019 memoir. T demoed the accusation calling it a hoax. During the trial, C gave a graphic testimony. She told jurors, “I’m here because D.T raped me, and when I wrote about it, he said it didn’t happen. He shattered my reputation”. T waived his right to testify, and the defense called no witnesses. Outside the courthouse, his lawyer J.T, said the deck was stacked against his client. But during the trial, jurors heard parts of T’s deposition in the case. He misidentified C in the photograph as his second wife M.M. And was asked about that infamous Access Hollywood reporting. 
