---
title: CBS Evening News 04.23.23
date: 2023-04-23 19:53:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
New details are emerging tonight about the daring evacuation of nearly one hundred US diplomatic personnel and their families from Sudan’s capital, Khartoum. It was carried out by US special forces as two top generals and their soldiers battle for control of the country. The violence has paralyzed nation’s airports and claimed more than four hundred lives. Thousands of Americans, many of them dual citizens, remained caught in the crossfire. The mission began on Saturday. Three Chinook helicopters flew from Djibouti refueled in Ethiopia, then landed in Sudan’s capital, Khartoum. After returning to Djibouti, the Americans were then flown to the US military base in Ramstein, Germany. US Secretary of State A.B monitored the evacuation in Washington. 

Well, the evacuation of US embassy staff and their families has only intensified concern for the estimated sixteen thousand Americans who still remain trapped in Sudan as the fighting there becomes even deadlier. Heavily armed fighters from the feared Rapid Support Force paramilitary group raced towards Khartoum as the battle for the capital city now in its second week shows no sign of ending. Despite intense international pressure for a ceasefire, the RSF’s leader, general M.H.D remains locked in a bitter power struggle with his arch rival, general A.F, Sudan’s top military chief. At least four hundred people have been killed and thousands more wounded in the fighting. The fear now is Africa’s third largest country is falling into civil war, a war that could trigger humanitarian catastrophe on the scale not seen in decades. Sudan has large oil and gold deposits, a strategically located port and neighbors East Africa’s most powerful nations, but has been political unstable following the 2019 pro-democracy crisis that led to the toppling of military dictator O.B. Both B and H served under and seized power in a 2021 military coup, with promises of leading Sudan towards democratic civilian rule, but have instead turned their best army against each other, civilians caught in the crossfire. 
