---
title: CBS Evening News 06.10.23
date: 2023-06-11 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, D.T, the only former president ever to face criminal charges made his first public remarks since this week’s bombshell federal indictment, thirty-seven felony counts. T rallied thousands of Republicans in Columbus, Georgia. He described both his legal trouble and his reelection campaign as a final battle with corrupt forces he maintains are destroying the country. Tonight, he speaks again in Greensboro, North Carolina. 

Less than seventy-two hours since D.T is fingerprinted and has his booking photos taken by US marshals. He is trying to rally some political supporters here tonight, ahead of the biggest criminal case in American history. Just after touching down and then taking the stage in Georgia, D.T wasted little time slamming special counsel J.S’s indictment, which charges T with thirty-seven federal criminal counts including obstruction and conspiracy. The charges alleged T knowing kept and risked exposing records with America’s top secrets including nuclear and military capabilities showing some to a writer, and to a political ally and of trying to cover it up, attempting to convince his lawyer, or to work around his lawyer, to circumvent a search warrant. Speaking before a Greensboro, North Carolina crowd that T himself would address hours later, M.P also criticized the prosecution. Some Republican voters who came to hear T speak tonight said they expect the case will give T a political surge. But the legal peril is real when T faces a judge in Miami Tuesday afternoon. 
