---
title: CBS Evening News 06.13.23
date: 2023-06-14 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The eyes of the world were focused on this courthouse behind me today. Former President D.T appeared before a judge on federal charges. Tonight, T is addressing his supporters and will likely address today’s historic events in a campaign style speech at his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club. This afternoon, T was booked and arraigned on thirty-seven criminal counts including the willful retention of national defense information, making false statements and conspiracy to obstruct justice. Thirty-one of the counts are for violations of the Espionage Act. Inside the courthouse, T was fingerprinted and provided a DNA sample, but was spared getting a mug shot taken. He pleaded not guilty to all the charges. Security was tight around the courthouse with federal statement and local police out in force as protesters and supporters took to the streets. 

Former President T disparaged the historic proceeding today. But the legal and political reality is very serious. He is now facing criminal charges and a potential lengthy trial, all while running again for the Republican nomination. Former President D.T made his way to the arraignment this afternoon, waving to the supporters who lined the route and passing a spectacle of onlookers, protester and police gathered outside the Miami federal courthouse. Once inside, the former president along with W.N, who was also charged in the case, surrendered to authorities, got swabbed for DNA and were fingerprinted. There was no mug shot taken, and T was allowed to hold on to his passport. During the court proceeding, closed to the camera, T was expressionless, his hands folded as his lawyer entered a plea of not guilty to all thirty-seven charges. The former president emerged defiant and spoke to supporters back at his New Jersey golf club. Now, T faces a series of charges including illegally hoarding classified documents at his Florida estate that could lead to two decades in prison. According to the indictment, the highly sensitive material which included information about the US nuclear program and the military activities of adversaries were found throughout Mar-a-Lago, in a bathroom, in the Lake room, in the White and Gold ballroom and in a storage area all sitting unsecured while the club held more than one hundred social events with outside guests. 
