---
title: CBS Evening News 10.11.23
date: 2023-10-12 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The big headline here, as Israel prepares for a ground invasion and hundreds of thousands of its soldiers are on the border of Gaza, now there is a new emergency wartime government here, a unity government bringing together Prime Minister B.N and one of his main political rivals. Tonight, we are also learning more Americans are among the dead with even more missing, some believed to have kidnapped by Hamas. Hostage rescue teams, Delta Force and Seal Team Six remain in the United States, waiting for Israel to request assistance. A source telling CBSN that request would come as soon as today. President B spoke today with Prime Minister B.N for a fourth time since the attacks, telling him that despite all the anger, Israel needs to operate by the rules of war. Secretary of State A.B is on his way here as a sign of solidarity. Airstrikes are pummeling Gaza. That’s a near-constant bombardment. Israeli defense forces say it struck more than two thousand targets in the first days of this war. And what’s left is nothing but ruin. Look, you can see entire neighborhoods turned to rubble. Rockets continue to fall in Israel, even near the main airport here in Tel-Aviv today where people were forced to take cover inside the terminal. Israel is also paying close attention to the north with troops exchanging rocket fire with H forces over the border with Lebanon. More than twelve hundred people have been killed in Israel including nearly two hundred Israeli soldiers. 
