---
title: CBS Evening News 04.20.23
date: 2023-04-20 19:53:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we want to begin with the dangerous weather that is sweeping across the nation after nearly a dozen tornadoes tore through Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa on Wednesday. More than forty million Americans from the South to the Midwest are in the path of the thunderstorms, hail, and more possible tornadoes through the night. At least two people were killed in Oklahoma where authorities are still assessing damage that left thousands without power. And the images just coming in show twisters flattened homes while trees were ripped up by the roots and scattered across the roadways. The sheriff’s office in McLean County, that’s just south of Oklahoma City, says dozens of residents suffered injuries during the height of the storm. 

The family that was here is lucky to be alive. Take a look at some of this damage. The roof, it’s gone. Walls are blown out. One of the survivors here said that the sound of this house ripping apart at the seams is one of the scariest things he’s ever heard. It is definitely violent. Powerful storms tore through the South and Midwest and pounded the country’s mid-section with violent tornadoes and hail. More than a dozen tornadoes were reported yesterday in Kansas, Iowa and Oklahoma. At least three people were killed in the center state, two near the small town of Cole, about thirty miles south of Oklahoma City. Today, Governor K.S toured the town of Shawnee where storms tore down powerlines.
