---
title: CBS Evening News 09.20.23
date: 2023-09-21 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Meanwhile back here in Washington, sparks flew on Capitol Hill today as House Republicans accused Attorney General M.G of weaponizing the Department of Justice. The prosecution of D.T and the President’s son H.B were the main topics of questioning. 

From the outset, the Republican-led committee took a combative approach. Accusing the Justice Department Special Counsel investigations of targeting former president and going easy on the current president and his son. In forceful testimony spanning more than five hours Attorney General M.G pushed back. According to recent closed-door testimony, some officials told congressional investigators they could not recall D.W has led the probe since 2018, saying he did not have the ultimate authority to charge the President’s son. The Attorney General also disputed the testimony and handwritten notes from an IRS whistleblower that W claimed he was not the deciding person, insisting to lawmakers that W had the final say. While Republican investigators insist over twenty billion dollars in payments from foreign sources to the B family and their associates, Democrats say the probes are political motivated. While most of the hearings centered on the Special Counsel investigation of H.B, G offered no insight into W’s decision to seek Special Counsel status more than four years into the case. 
