---
title: CBS Evening News 02.24.23
date: 2023-02-25 20:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
But first, part of the reason we came to report from the USS Nimitz is to just expose cruel challenges facing the Pentagon as Russia continues its war of aggression against Ukraine. Well today, China is calling for peace talk and the meeting between Chinese President X and Ukraine’s Z. 

Millions of people across have marked one year at war today, with the mixture of remembering and defiance. A lengthy news conference here in Kiev tonight, President V.Z vowed that Ukraine will be victorious if its allies, like the US remain united like a fist. Terrified explosion and air raid sirens have filled the skies around Kiev for exact one year ago today. In a solemn memorial honoring lives lost and saluting those still fighting for the survival of the country. That sense of reflected around the world. As Ukraine was entered its second year, Russian brutal invasion, the number of dead and wounded on both sides of the conflict is in a hundred of thousands, a statistic almost impossible to comprehend. We have to report tonight that another American has been killed in an action, twenty-eight-year-old A.P, an US army veteran from Wisconsin. He was fight with the international legion. We happened to meet him just a week ago when he was on some tasks in Kharkiv, he said he was headed back to the fight in Dumbass region. 
