---
title: CBS Evening News 03.24.23
date: 2023-03-25 22:22:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with growing concerns about violence as D.T is using increasingly ominous and threatening rhetoric as his legal challenges mount. The top Democrat in the House warning the former president will get someone killed. This comes as an envelope with white powder and a note that read, “I’m going to kill you” was sent to Manhattan District Attorney A.B’s office today. CBSN has learned that security has been stepped up for B over the last few weeks. And just days ago, the New York City Courthouse where a grand jury is deciding T’s fate was temporarily shut down because of bomb threats. Meanwhile today, big developments probe by a special counsel, a federal judge ordering some of T’s closest personal, political and national security aids to testify before a different grand jury probing the January 6th attack on US Capitol that includes former chief of staff M.M.

A backlash today to the former president’s explosive comment about that ongoing investigation in New York days before possible decision on an indictment of T. The twice impeached former president’s rhetoric is reckless, reprehensible and irresponsible. House Democratic leader H.J sounding the alarm today after former President T warned that death and destruction is possible if he is indicted. T also reposted an ominous altered image where he is holding a baseball bat next to an image of Manhattan District attorney A.B, who has one of his hands raised. B, who now has increased security, received a death threat today at his New York office, a letter addressed to him with a note inside saying “A, I’m going to kill you”. It contained a small amount of white powder, but was determined to be non-hazardous. Meanwhile, T’s legal challenges in Washington are mounting. A federal judge ordered several of his former top aides to testify about his conduct before and during the January 6th Capitol attack, including former chief of staff M.M. This came as the special counsel probing T’s handling of classified documents heard testified today from T’s lawyer E.C, who prosecutors believed may have been misled by T about the retention of those documents. 
