---
title: CBS Evening News 12.02.23
date: 2023-12-03 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a new warning for Israel from the United States. Defense Secretary L.A says Israel must protect Gaza’s civilian population or risk driving them into “the arms of the enemy”. Today, Israel intensifies its airstrikes in the Palestinian territory. Also, today health officials in Hamas-run Gaza said the death toll there now tops fifteen thousand. And in his first public comments since the end of the temporary ceasefire, Israeli Prime Minister B.N said troops are preparing for “total victory”.

That broken ceasefire means that Palestinian prisoners are no longer being exchange for Israeli hostages leaving the families of those hostages gather here at this rally in a state of dread over their fate in the next stage of this war. Today marks eight weeks since Hamas kidnapped some two hundred and forty hostages including the B’s family. With the collapse of the ceasefire, the hostages and the people of Gaza are once again caught in the crucible of the war. Heeding calls from Israel to evacuate, Palestinians flee Khan Younis in the south, others clamor and sift through the rubble. At the Shuhada Al-aqsa Hospital, women and children rush for treatment and safety. Despite the bombing, Israel says it will facilitate the entry of aid into Gaza. But the Red Cross says that will be difficult because everything in Gaza is at a breaking point. 
