---
title: CBS Evening News 08.26.23
date: 2023-08-27 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news in Jacksonville, Florida where there are multiple fatalities following a standoff between gunman and police at Dollar General Store. 

Law enforcement officials say the shooter is a white male in his 20s who was motivated by hate. All three victims in this shooting were Black. The shooting happened at a Dollar General store in the northwest part of the city in the middle of the day. Jacksonville authorities say the suspect killed two males and one female before turning the gun on himself. The sheriff says the shooter put on a mask and tactical vest in the parking lot. He left behind multiple messages which authorities say amounted to an ideology of hate. This comes in the midst of a weekend waves of gun violence. Today in Boston, at least seven people were shot during the city’s annual Caribbean Carnival. Two suspects have been arrested. In Oklahoma last night players and fans rushed for cover when shots were fired at a high school football game. A sixteen-year-old boy was killed. No suspect arrested. And in Chicago, two women were shot and wounded in the stands at a White Sox game last night. And back to that unfolding situation in Jacksonville, the FBI is investigating it as a hate crime. And a federal civil right investigation is also underway.
