---
title: CBS Evening News 09.03.23
date: 2023-09-04 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, millions are under flood alerts and life-threatening monsoon swamped the southwest. In Nevada, police are investigating a death at the popular Burning Man Festival. Thousands are still stranded in the mud-soaked Black Rock City where two months’ worth of rain fell in just two days. Organizers are warning people still in the desert area to conserve water and fuel. And in San Bernadino, California, several roads there are impassable, even for big rigs like these after storms swept through that area.

The Burning Man Festival is something is a celebration of art and creativity that happens every year. But heavy rains swamped the event, leaving many stuck and sheltering in place. Tens of thousands stranded at the Burning Man Festival forced to hunker down in the Nevada desert as authorities tell them to conserve food and water. As crews worked to clear a safe path out of the makeshift town, cell phone equipment is being brought in to help those who got stuck after heavy rain trapped them in flooded campsites. More rain could hit Southwest deserts. Thunderstorm already caused flash flooding in Arizona, Las Vegas, near the California-Arizona border. Now, some Burning Man Festival goers are trying to slog their way out in pickup trucks and RVs. Organizers say if they can clear the way tomorrow, that traffic jam could be longer than twelve hours. 
