---
title: CBS Evening News 12.30.23
date: 2023-12-31 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are several developing stories as we come on the air. Here in the New York, revelers are getting ready to usher in the new year under the bright lights of Times Square. Today, there was one last test of the crystal ball drop. The giant numbers, 2024, also in place, and law enforcement on high alert. In the West, dangerous monster waves are slamming southern California and prompting new safety warnings. We’ll have the latest in a moment. But we begin the war in Gaza. Today, Israeli forces pushed deeper in the besieged territory, striking areas filled with displaced civilians. 

A defiant Israeli prime minister warned the war could last for many more months until all objectives are archived. Misery in Gaza starts here. Airstrikes pounding the coastal territory. Israel says it is targeting Hamas militants. But many times, it is civilians caught in the explosions. Rescuers desperately work to pull this injured boy from the rubble. Morgues become production lines of volunteers wrapping the dead. The white shroud in ever-present symbol of heartbreak and loss. Those who survive a strike, or flee ahead of one, end up here, massive tent communities crowding the southern city of Rafa. CBSN found hundreds standing in the food line Friday, a handout away from starvation.
