---
title: CBS Evening News 12.07.23
date: 2023-12-08 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
H.B was just indicted by a federal grand jury in California now facing new charges. In September, H was indicted by another federal grand jury in Delaware on felony charges for allegedly lying about being a drug user on an application to buy a gun. He pleaded not guilty on those charges. B had entered into a plea agreement with the Justice Department on two misdemeanor tax charges, but remember, that deal collapsed after facing scrutiny from a US district court judge.

According to the fifty-six-page court filing, a federal grand jury in California has returned nine count indictments, charging H.B with three felony tax offenses and six misdemeanor tax charges. The sprawling indictment alleges the president’s son engaged in a four-year scheme to avoid paying on at least 1.4 million dollars in federal taxes. He is also accused of taking false business deductions to reduce his tax liability. The indictment says he spent millions on an extravagant lifestyle, including drugs, escorts, luxury hotels and exotic cars rather than paying the IRS. The case was brought in California because H.B lived there when the alleged crimes were committed. The president’s son is already facing three felony gun charges in Delaware for allegedly lying about his drug use to purchase weapons in 2018. In a statement, H.B’s lawyer said “based on the facts and the law, if H’s name was anything other than B, the charges in Delaware now California would not have been brought.” If convicted, he could face up to seventeen years in prison. 

