---
title: CBS Evening News 06.21.23
date: 2023-06-22 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the desperate search for that missing submersible vessel. It was carrying five passengers and disappeared during an expedition to the sunken wreckage of the Titanic. Coast Guard officials say they have detected underwater noises for the second straight day. The sounds, which have been described as banging noises have given rescuers hope. But they admit they do not know the source of the noises. Now, more ships and other vessels are being moved into the area to assist in what authorities are still calling a search and rescue operation including a robot capable of reaching the ocean floor than two miles down. If those on board are still alive, time is clearly running out. It’s believed the passengers 	might only have enough oxygen to survive until Thursday morning. 

Search teams today battled tough conditions, wind gusts of up to thirty miles per hour and seven-foot waves. But Coast Guards says they’re still treating this as a search and rescue operation. The underwater banging sounds detected by Canadian planes for a second day are sparking flickers of hope in the search for the missing submersible. A team of experts are trying to figure out where they are coming from. Coast Guards also can’t rule out the sounds could be coming from the Titanic itself. The search area is now two times the size of Connecticut and up to two and a half miles deep, deeper than stacking nearly nine Empire State buildings. With potentially just hours to go before the Titan’s five passengers run out of oxygen, at least eight more rescue ships are joining the international effort. And a French deep diving robot that can operate on the ocean floor is set to arrive tonight. Search team are unsure if the vessel is sitting on the bottom of the ocean where the conditions are near freezing and pitch black. OceanGate, whose CEO and founder, S.R was piloting the submersible has faced criticism. According to 2018 court filings, a former employee said he was fired after voicing concerns about the Titan saying it poised potential danger to passengers as it reached extreme depths. 
