---
title: CBS Evening News 03.30.23
date: 2023-03-31 21:58:31
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
First the time ever, a former president of the United States has been indicted will face criminal charges. A grand jury voting today to charge D.T. The precise charges are under seal and not yet known. A.B in the Manhattan District Attorney’s office case is related hush money payments former porn star S.D and the alleged cover up of those payments in financial records. All actions are from before he became president. But T also faces legal scrutiny in three cases from his time in office. Mr. T reacting just a short time ago, calling this a political persecution and a witch hunt. The former president has already declared as a candidate of 2024 race for the oval office. Also now to New York, because we’re learning there police have stepped up security and CBSN has learned that every NYPD officer including plain-clothed officers have ordered to be in full uniform for tomorrow shifts and they should be ready to deploy. There is concern about security. There is concern about protest. 

An explosive political and legal moment, a former president indicted while he runs once again for the presidency. And tonight T, moments ago, vowed to fight back calling this indictment political persecution at the highest level in history. The indictment is still under seal, but CBS has learned former President D.T will be instructed by the Manhattan District Attorney A.B to surrender and face arraignment. The charges are unknown for now but all center around payments made to adult film star, S.D. T, seeing from the indictment went on Truth Social to say “This is an attack on our country the likes of which has never been seen before”. Having a former president fingerprinted and then arraigned in open court presents some unprecedented challenges. The prosecution’s main witness is M.C who made the actual payment to D, a payment the former president had denied knowing about. Security had been increased around the Manhattan courthouse in recent days, and the DA had received death threats after T posted last week that he would be indicted. Now that the indictment has happened, police likely will ramp up their presence again. 
