---
title: CBS Evening News 06.22.23
date: 2023-06-23 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the search for answers following the tragic outcome for the submersible that went missing in the Atlantic. Officials say a catastrophic explosion destroyed the vessel and killed all five people on board. Well, family members and others are now 	questioning how and why the expedition was allowed to go ahead with its design and lax safety measures. The US Coast Guard has reportedly declared the incident to be a quote “major marine casualty” and will lead the investigation into the cause of the implosion. An international team of ships with advanced underwater equipment remain on site to scour the ocean floor for more debris and evidence of the doomed vessel. 

Both Canada and the US have now launched investigations into the implosion of the Titan. The tragic end of the submersible and its passengers is also raising questions about whether the company operating it took shortcuts on safety. The search for the submersible survivor is now a search for answers as investigators analyze debris found on the ocean floor to find out what went wrong. The Coast Guard says the twenty-two-foot Titan broke into fields of debris, including its nose cone and both ends of the pressure hull made of carbon fiber and titanium. The hull likely imploded under what M says is the water pressure amounting to the weight of Empire State building. 
