---
title: CBS Evening News 04.16.23
date: 2023-04-19 09:10:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with another mass shooting in America. It is the thirty-second so far this month and the nineth of the weekend. It happened here at a dance hall in Dadeville, Alabama. It’s a community about sixty miles Northeast of Montgomery. At least four people were killed, about two dozen injured, mostly teens. 

Alabama investigators are looking into reports that first there was an argument and then gunshots. It was all part of another crime blotter weekend of gun killings. Dadeville, Alabama, targeted by mindless gun violence. Inside this dance hall, gunshots ran out. A Sweet sixteen party became a mass murder scene. Louisville, Kentucky also grieving. On Saturday night, at least one shooter fired into a crowd of hundreds in a city park. Two people fell dead, four more wounded. And a community still reeling from last week’s bank massacre. This American frontline never seems to go away. What to do about gun violence? Our new CBSN poll shows roughly three in four Americans believe mass shootings are preventable. Sixty-two percent want to ban the AR-15 semi-automatic rifle. But that idea is DOA at the NRA. At its annual convention this weekend in Indianapolis, one 2024 Republican presidential candidate after another championed the Second Amendment. Just three weeks ago, six people died during a mass shooting at a Nashville Christian School, seventy-seven percent of parents told us gun violence worries them. But what about fewer guns or no guns? Eighty-one percent of Liberals say America would be safer, and twenty-five percent of conservatives. Roughly one in five Americans report a shooting death in the family. 
