---
title: CBSN Evening News 05.29.23
date: 2023-05-30 21:04:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the partial collapse of a six story, eighty-four-unit apartment building in Davenport, Iowa. Tonight, first responders are being hailed as heroes after rushing into the unstable building to rescue eight people. Canine units spent last night going through the building in search of additional victims and incredibly no deaths or serious injurious have been reported and the authorities believe everyone has been accounted for. Now the frightening scene unfolded on Sunday evening in the downtown area of Iowa’s third largest city. Right now, officials are working to determine the cause of the collapse and have ordered the demolition of the apartment. Current and former residents say they had long complained about poor maintenance conditions in the building and that issues rarely fixed. 

Officials say they don’t have credible information that anyone still missing about family members and a co-worker we spoke to say at least two people have not been accounted for since the collapse. When first responders arrived at the scene just before 5PM yesterday they found part of the buildings back section had detached and collapsed. They rushed in, the mayor says at great risk to their own lives. Davenport Fire Chief says his crews rescued at least eight people including one overnight. Now, the walls are stripped away revealing remnants of residents’ lives. Authorities say they don’t know yet the cause of the collapse but it’s set off natural gas and water leak. Officials say they received several complaints over the past few years about needed repairs and work was being done on the exterior with some reports of bricks falling. 
