---
title: CBS Evening News 11.13.23
date: 2023-11-14 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the war in Gaza and the hospitals caught in the middle of the fighting. Fierce battles are taking place on the doorsteps of hospitals and Palestinian health official say patients are trapped inside. The World Health Organization says Gaza’s largest hospital is surrounded by Israeli soldiers and is no longer functioning. Israel says Hamas uses Hospitals as a shield making it a legitimate military target. Take a look at this video released today by the Israeli military. They claimed that it shows a stockpile of weapons and one of the motorcycles used in the Oct.7th terror attack. Inside, the children’s hospital. While tonight, President B is saying hospitals must be protected. And today we’re learning the identities of five US service members killed when their helicopters crashed into the Eastern Mediterranean Sea during a training mission. That means the first American military deaths related to the war. 

And tonight, we’re learning that medical staff from Doctors without borders won’t leave Al-Shifa hospital before their six hundred or so patients have been evacuated and they want to guarantees that there is a safe corridor to do so. A sanctuary turned cemetery. At Al Shifa hospital, there is no room left in the morgue for those who could not be saved. Gaza’s health system is on its knees. Exhausted staff work in the dark with no medicine, no equipment, no hope. The Israeli military says this footage shows soldiers delivering eighty gallons of fuel to Al Shifa which they claim Hamas refused. Hamas denies this, saying it would not last longer than thirty minutes anyway. Doctors there say already at least three newborn babies have died. Dozens more seen here fighting for their lives after the incubators stopped working. 
