---
title: CBS Evening News 01.24.23
date: 2023-01-25 20:49:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
At this hour, there are new developments in that classified documents crisis CBSN learning just today, more materials have been found. This time, at the home of former Vice President M.P. The search prompted just days after P told CBSN that he is confident that he hadn’t made the same mistake as President B or D.T. Also making headlines tonight, the Pentagon preparing to send dozens of US made M1 tanks to Ukraine. Move that would mean a major step to army in Ukrainian military as they plan a new offensive to drive out Russia. The news tonight on the other Europeans countries that will also send tanks. But first, that powerful storm system that will cause headaches for nearly one hundred million Americans including potential snow in Philadelphia and New York plus more. But at this hour, it’s the tornado watches and warnings that in effects from Texas to Florida with multiple tornadoes touching down near Houston including one that caused damage and the suburb of Deer Park. 

The threat of tornadoes has been looming all day here in southeast Texas. And late this afternoon, as you can see here behind me, it became very real. A tornado cut the path through community of Pasadena outside Houston late this afternoon. Crumbling buildings like this gym and cutting powerlines in some areas. High winds damaged this chemical plant in nearby Deer Park. Sirens warned of the approaching storm as residents were urged to take shelters. Strong winds flipped over trucks and flooded streets on other parts of the Houston area. Right now, people here are assessing the damage. You could see they’re cleaning up, they remove debris from the road and while tornado is moving out of the Lone Star state, it continues overnight for several others.
