---
title: CBS Evening News 06.09.23
date: 2023-06-10 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a historic moment in our nation’s two hundred and forty-seven years, a federal indictment revealing extraordinary and grave criminal counts facing D.T and the charges his actions have endangered US national security. This is it, the forty-nine-page indictment was unsealed today for everyone who wants to read it. It is breathtaking in its scope and devastating in its detail. There are thirty-seven counts against D.T including the voluminous evidence that prosecutors have unearthed in an investigation that lasted more than a year. We are also seeing for the first-time photos of boxes containing America’s most sensitive secrets scattered across Mar-a-Lago. One picture shows document spilled onto the floor. The evidence also includes tape recordings of a conversation in which D.T showed a group of people, without the proper clearance, highly sensitive military plans. And the concern is this, if such a plan were to be compromised or leaked, it could significantly endanger our US military troops. Well, the indictment today also accuses T of illegally holding document concerning the US nuclear program and more top-secret Pentagon plans. 

The Justice Department has never been before, the indictment of a former president on multiple charges. If convicted, D.T could face fines or significant jail time. The forty-nine-page indictment send D.T and a long-time aide, W.N, engaged in a conspiracy to keep classified documents he had taken with him from the White House and to hide and conceal them. These new photographs from court filings show government documents strewn throughout Mar-a-Lago, boxes stored in a public ballroom, piled carelessly in a bathroom, tucked under a water pipe, and tossed on a storage room floor. Some of the documents prosecutors say were marked top secret, off limits to foreign nationals, some relating to nuclear weapons capabilities of the US and its adversaries. As well as sensitive US military planning. Special Counsel J.S made his first public statement about the investigation but took no questions. Making the case that the former president obstructed justice, the indictment quotes an alleged conversation between T and his lawyer with T saying “Wouldn’t it be better if we just told them we don’t have anything here?”. And suggesting that his attorney hide or destroy documents that were demanded by a subpoena. 
