---
title: CBS Evening News 10.30.23
date: 2023-10-31 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the war between Israel and Hamas is escalating, with Israeli troops, tanks, and helicopters pushing deeper into Gaza. Prime Minister B.N tonight saying it is time for war and there will be no cease fire because doing so would be like surrendering to Hamas. Israel’s military has reached Gaza City. And there are reports that they’ve cut off a key road that connects the territory. The military says a female soldier who’s been held hostage since the October 7th attack was freed and is doing well. The near constant barrage of airstrikes continues, with Israel saying it hit hundreds of targets in the past twenty-four hours killing dozens of Hamas fighters. The Hamas run Gaza Health Ministry says the number of people killed there now tops eight thousand. The United Nation is warning that the worsening humanitarian situation is resulting in the breakdown of civil order with civilians ransacking relief centers. The prime minister’s address tonight was in English, clearly aimed at a global audience. He said the US would not agree to a cease fire after Pearl Harbor or 9/11. Neither should Israel. Israeli Defense Forces releasing new video set to show its tanks and troops pushing deeper into Gaza, saying they struck six hundred terror targets in the past twenty-four hours and also announcing that an Israeli soldier held hostage in Gaza is back home. 