---
title: CBS Evening News 05.14.23
date: 2023-05-13 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with President B’s new border strategy. The revised rules are under political attack from both the right and left. Law suits have been filed as a result, but so far, the administration’s latest move appear to have deterred the record might rush many had feared following the expiration of Title 42. Government data obtained by CBSN shows forty-two-thousand people on Saturday crossed the southern border, sixty-three hundred on Friday. That’s compared to these numbers before Title 42 expired Thursday just before midnight. 

Immigration officials say despite the lack of a spike, the border is still seeing historically high migration levels. Homeland Security Secretary A.M says it’s too early to tell whether the number at the southern border have peaked. The B administration says it’s steps it has taken asylums, that’s led to the lower-than-expected numbers. Border Patrol is preparing to for daily migrant arrivals to increase to twelve to fourteen thousand a day. But the characterization of the situation along the southern border is split along political party lines. Some Republicans are criticizing the narrative and the administration. Texas Congressman T.G shot this cellphone video at a Customs and Border Patrol processing center in El Paso on Friday. 
