---
title: CBS Evening News 06.04.23
date: 2023-06-05 21:13:53
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with new tensions between global rivals. Today, China’s Defense Minister are aggressively defended sailing a warship directly in front of an American missile destroyer. Speaking at a summit in Singapore, he warned the West to stay out of waters and aerospace near China’s borders. The dangerous close encounter happened in the Taiwan Strait separating Taiwan from China. 

Addressing an audience of global security officials, China’s Defense Minister, General L. SF had some blunt advice for the United States. He was reacting to criticism of an incident in the Taiwan Strait on Saturday when a Chinese warship crossed the course of an American destroyer so close, it had to slowed down to avoid a collision. Last week, a Chinese fighter plane pulled a similar maneuver in front of an American reconnaissance plane over the South China Sea. But the US sees routine patrol of the air and sea off mainland China as very much its own business to underscore its position that this is international space open to everyone. At a conference banquet on Friday. General L shook hands with the American Secretary of Defense L.A. But China declined a formal meeting and that, said Secretary A, is dangerous. Meanwhile, the US and China’s military continue to operate close to one another. Speaking to reporters off camera. Secretary A called on Chinese leaders to rein in dangerous conduct in case an accident spiraled out of control. 
