---
title: CBS Evening News 03.16.23
date: 2023-03-17 20:12:07
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Well tonight, tens of millions of Americans are under weather alerts with severe storm sweeping across the southern plains, bringing heavy rain and possible tornadoes. Plus, America’s military services are following short of their recruitment goals. How the US Army hopes to change that. But first, the dramatic new video showing the physical confrontation between a US surveillance drone and two Russian fighter jets over the black sea. This video released by the Pentagon shows the war planes making several aggressive maneuvers near the drone and dumping fuel on it. This is the moment when one jet got too close and collided with the propeller. The Pentagon released pictures of the damage moments before the drone crashed into the Black Sea. 

One White House official today said the Russians have been quote “flat out lying when they say two Russian jets never touched the drone” and now they released the images to prove it. The footage shows Russian jets making two passes from behind the drone, dousing it in a cloudy stream of fuel before one clips its propeller. Separate still images show what the drone’s propeller looked like before and after. The damage forcing American operators to let it glide down into the Black Sea. The visual evidence appears to refuse Russian claims that neither of its jets hit the drone. One US official tells CBSN that it was clear Russian pilot meant to drench the drone in gasoline, but cut it too close. 
