---
title: CBS Evening News 08.24.23
date: 2023-08-25 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news. Former President D.T just surrender at the notorious Fulton County jail in Atlanta. T booked, processed on thirteen charges including conspiracy and racketeering related to attempts to overturn the 2020 election. Like all other people walked through the doors of that jail, the former president was fingerprinted, had his weight reported and a mugshot was taken. T joins eleven of his co-defendants in turning himself in. Just hours ago, former White House Chief of Staff M.M surrendered at the same jail. The remaining seven have until noon tomorrow to do the same. 

This area is completely locked down as former President T turned himself in accompanied by a new lawyer that he hired just hours before the surrender. Tonight, former President joined eleven of his fellow co-defendants, booked, fingerprinted and photographed. The former president was processed in less than an hour and treated just like any other criminal defendant at the Fulton County jail, which is under investigation by the department of justice for poor conditions. Outside the jail, protesters stood by their man. T’s bond was set at two hundred thousand dollars. He’s charged with thirteen counts including racketeering, criminal conspiracy and making false statements for his alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election in Georgia, stemming from this call with Secretary of State B.R.
