---
title: CBS Evening News 02.02.23
date: 2023-02-03 21:30:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We come on the air with some breaking news, we have just learned that the Pentagon is tracking a suspected Chinese spy balloon spotted flying over the United States. President B was briefed. Fighter jets scrambled and there was a discussion at the highest levels of our government about shooting it down. Well, tonight, the big question, what kind of intelligence were the Chinese trying to collect? Plus, the symbolic and dire warning today from Russian President V.P as he renewing threats to use nuclear weapons against the US and western countries. But first, dangerous polar vortex that’s causing temperatures to plunge across much of the country. Tens of millions of Americans will see some of the coldest conditions in decades. Windchill advisories and warnings stretch across seventeen states from Montana to New England. Some areas could see feels-like temperatures of fifty degrees below zero. In the south, hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses remain without power following three days of ice, sleet and snow. At least eleven deaths are being blamed on icy road conditions. 

Minneapolis is bracing for frigid freeze tonight. The wind chill is going to make it feel like twenty-five degrees below zero. This as the south finally begins to warm up. Tonight, the south is struggling to recover from an epic ice storm. In western Memphis, Arkansas, a snowplow collided with a semi. In Georgetown, Texas, a tangled mess of powerlines and branches. More than three hundred thousand people across state are still without power. And in Dallas, it’s day three of darkness for some. The things are beginning to thaw. 
