---
title: CBS Evening News 08.20.23
date: 2023-08-21 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with some breaking news, Southern California has been rocked a 5.1 magnitude earthquake, the epic center in Ojai in Ventura County. It shook our Los Angeles newsroom. There have been several aftershocks, but no reports of damage or injuries at this time. This happening as millions of people there are bracing for a massive tropical storm, the worst of it expected later tonight. Hilary is bearing down and the impacts could be significant. Intense rains, lashing winds, flash flooding, even mudslides, all of it dangerous and potentially devastating. 

That earthquake packs a double whammy for those already hunkering down for Hilary. There was no tsunami warning. Meanwhile, the governors of California and Nevada has declared states of emergency as Hilary moves in. A warning to get out now for unhoused residents seeking shelter in an LA riverbed. Mountain and foothill communities under evacuation orders with flash flooding warnings across southern California as tropical storm Hilary moves in. East of Los Angeles, the three main roads into Palm Springs are closed, flights canceled, and a plea from the city’s mayor to stay inside as the community braces for a forecasted three inches of rain. Hilary made landfall today in Baja California, Mexico with heavy rain and high winds pummeling the region. The strength of this storm has worried residents in its path filling sandbags and stockpiling supplies. The dire warnings prompting officials to close state beaches and parks in Orange and San Diego counties, where navy ships and sailors were moved out to sea. National parks including Death Valley and Mojave Desert are also off-limit as the potential for catastrophic flooding intensifies. 
