---
title: CBS Evening News 09.06.23
date: 2023-09-07 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with new details in the brazen breakout and manhunt that has captured international attention. Hundreds of law enforcement officers from multiple agencies are looking for D.C, and we finally know how the dangerous fugitive escaped from a prison outside Philadelphia. Look at this new video. The convicted killer is seen scaling between two walls, moments later escaping to freedom. And we now know this is how another inmate escaped in May. 

Tonight, we are seeing newly released video of D.C’s daring escape from prison, the escaped murderer crab-walks up the prison wall, then jumps down to a less secure area before pushing through razor wire to exit the facility. The tower guard has been placed on leave. C was awaiting transfer to a state prison after he received a life sentence for killing his ex-girlfriend. An inmate was escaped from the same prison in May used a similar method. Hundreds of police officers along with federal agencies including the FBI and Border Patrol are flooding yards and searching cars. Today, a train passing through the area was stopped and also searched. Police say C was last seen overnight near the area they’re searching. On Monday, photos showed him on a trail camera at a nearby botanical garden, and on Saturday, a home surveillance camera recorded him passing through a yard. All this just a few miles from where police say he was spotted shortly after his escape on Thursday morning. Police say they’ve confirmed seven total sightings of C. Something working against in this search is the undergrowth. It is so thick searchers can only go a few feet before losing sight of each other. Two Pennsylvania School districts are once again closed as the community grows increasingly frustrated. 
