---
title: CBS Evening News 10.09.23
date: 2023-10-10 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight here in Tel Aviv following an unprecedented terror attack by Hamas militants and Israel’s declaration of war for the first time in fifty years. Israel’s military is bombarding Gaza with airstrikes raining down on Hamas, including command centers located inside apartment buildings. More than fifteen hundred people have been killed. Tonight, we are learning at least nine hundred Israelis dead. Tonight, Hamas claims they are holding at least one hundred people hostage, including an unknown number of Americans. At least eleven Americans are among the dead. We have also learned that one of the victims is D.M and we’re going to hear from her father in just a few moments. Israeli Prime Minister B.N addressing the nation saying today, Israel didn’t start this war, but will finish it. Tonight, the military is preparing for a likely ground invasion of Gaza with reports of fighting on Israeli’s northern border as well. That is significant. President B today declared his unwavering support for Israel and will speak tomorrow from the White House. 

A senior defense official says the US is deeply concerned this could open up a second front. Now it’s not surprising that Hezbollah might want to get involved. It’s a militant group with deep ties to both Hamas and Iran, it’s also designated as a terrorist organization by the US. 
