---
title: CBS Evening News 07.24.23
date: 2023-07-25 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a showdown between a federal government and Texas over the southern border. The Department of Justice has sued governor G.A after the state refused to remove large rolling buoys in the Rio Grande, installed in an effort to block migrants from crossing. The federal government says the barriers are dangerous and unlawful, while the government said he had a right to defend his state’s border. Last week, an internal complaint from a state trooper, obtained by CBSN, called the state’s response, quote “inhumane”, the trooper claimed he and other law enforcement officers were told to push migrants back into the water. He called the buoys a trap. 

These are the buoys in question here along the Rio Grande. And though, it appears they are not going anywhere, despite the threat from the Justice Department. This one is very likely headed to court. It’s a proverbial line in the sand, this one floating in the middle of the Rio Grande. Texas governor G.A and the B administration at a standoff, at a barrier meant to keep migrants out. The Department of Justice gave Texas until 1:00 PM central to agree to remove the buoys. G.A says “Texas will see you in court, Mr. President”. “This floating barrier poses threats to navigation and public safety and presents humanitarian concerns.” The stretch only one thousand feet along the state’s twelve-hundred-mile border. Anchored to the river bottom, the buoys roll if someone tries to climb over them. Along with newly erected razor fencing along the shoreline, it’s part of a multi-billion-dollar state effort to deter illegal immigration. But migrants have reportedly become tangled in the wire and suffered injuries. 
