---
title: CBS Evening News 07.17.23
date: 2023-07-18 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we begin with the urgent search for two missing children swept away during deadly flash flooding. Police have tripled their resources with teams on foot, in boats, using drones, divers, and sonar technology. Two-year-old M and nine-month-old C were on their way to a summer barbeque with their family when the storm turned deadly and water got into their car. Their young mother, thirty-two-year-old K killed trying to save her babies. Heavy downpours caused flooding across much of the northeast including Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, New York and New Jersey where the governor declared a state of emergency on Sunday. And the threat isn’t over. The region is bracing for more rain and flash flooding in the days ahead. Rain isn’t the only dangerous weather that’s out there. There’s that brutal heat in the west and the south. And the smoke from those wildfires in Canada, it is back, bringing unhealthy air to more than half of the country. 

Just moments ago, the coroner released her findings. Five people here dead from accidental drowning following those violent flash floods. A frantic search continues tonight in Bucks County, Pennsylvania after rushing flash floods turned roads into rapids. The vehicle of the Sheils’s family was overcome by floodwaters and in a moment of terror, the family abandoned the vehicle. The husband, four-year-old son, and grandmother survived, but the body of mother K.S was found by search team yesterday, while two-year-old M and nine-month-old C are still missing. Drones and search dogs are still looking for the children. Thirty miles away, the weather is being blamed for this forty-car freight train tumbling off the tracks in Whitemarsh Township. No one was injured. Air travel was also impacted, near four thousand flights were canceled over the weekend leaving angry passengers stranded. The heavy rainfall and flash flooding extended into parts of New York and New England. In Massachusetts, officials say a tornado touched down in North Brookfield Sunday. And video captured the moment rushing water crumpled this roadway in New Hampshire. Torrential rain closed about one hundred roads in the state. 
