---
title: CBS Evening News 07.09.23
date: 2023-07-10 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the phrase, heated exchanges. It’s a diplomatic term that conveys hard choices and big stakes. President B will wrestle with both at the NATO’s summit this week as he hopes to maintain European unity as Russia’s war against Ukraine crosses the five-hundred-day mark. It was a also a theme of Treasury Secretary J.Y’s effort to clarify and calm US competition with China. But that phrase heated exchanges also applies to worrisome global weather patterns and their spin-off facts here at home, scorching temperatures and dangerous flooding. Oklahoma saw flooding that required several swift water rescues, and the week ahead could be among the hottest America has ever seen, all of this on the president’s plate as he arrives in London. 

President B did not attend King C’s coronation back in May. But he promised that the two would see each other soon. Their visit tomorrow is just one of several high-profile events on the trip that will likely shape the future of NATO. Tonight, President B arrived in London ahead of Monday meeting with King C and the British Prime Minister when the leaders will talk climate change. But it's the Russian invasion in the state of NATO that will dominate the president’s European trip. The world’s biggest security alliance is grappling with if and when Ukraine should join. The president suggested that the war must end before Ukraine is admitted. Pointing to a NATO agreement that all members would engage in the defense of any one ally that is under attack. To help Ukraine fight the war, the president made what he calls a very difficult decision, to provide cluster munitions, canisters filled with a large number of small bombs that can be dropped over a wide area. Some Democrats says cluster munition should never be the solution. Today, President B had a phone call with President E of Turkey and he pushed for Sweden to join NATO as soon as possible. So far Turkey has objected, accusing Stockholm of failing to crack down on groups it considers to be terrorists.  
