---
title: CBS Evening News 03.03.23
date: 2023-03-04 20:44:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, it’s Friday, so we go on the road with the story about love taking flight. Plus, we continue our series of retirement ready with the growing trend of multiple generational housing. We’ll show you why millions of seniors are moving back in with their children. But first, that breaking news. The White House doctor just announced that President B had skin cancer removed during his physical last month. Roughly three and a half million Americans face that diagnosis each year, including his wife. First Lady J.B had basal cell carcinoma lesions removed earlier this year. 

During that exam, small skin lesion on President B’s chest was removed for a biopsy, and it turned out to be cancerous. In a new memo released today, the president’s doctor said it was a basal cell carcinoma, a common form of skin cancer that does not spread like other more serious types. He said all cancer tissue was successfully removed and no further treatment is required. There was, of course, increase attention on eighty-year-old President B’s health as he is expected launch a reelection campaign in the coming months. His doctor has deemed him healthy, vigorous, and fit. 

A judge in South Carolina handed down two consecutive life sentences without the possibility of parole to A.M.
