---
title: CBS Evening News 10.14.23
date: 2023-10-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
One week after Israel suffered a deadly surprise attack by Hamas militant from Gaza. The sealed off territory is in turmoil. Tonight, many Palestinians are trying to flee from the north after Israel ordered them to evacuate and as bombardment from the air intensify ahead of an expected ground invasion. Israeli Prime Minister B.N says the next stage is coming and the sweeping attack is planned. But Gaza is already being hit. This video showing the moment Israeli air strike on emergency workers responding to earlier attack. In United Arab Emirates, Secretary of State A.B underscore US support for Israel self-defense but said care should be taken to protect civilians.
One week since Hamas launched attack on Israeli civilians. The war rages on tonight. Gaza bearing the brunt of Israeli firepower with the death toll climbing by the hour. The military wing of Hamas released this video purported to show its long-range missiles targeting Tel-Aviv. But it’s Gaza under receiving a punishing and relentless Israeli bombardment. The UN says nearly one million people have been displaced close to half of the tiny, packed population. Tens of thousands of Gazans fleeing from North to South. Leaflets of warnings from Israeli military to evacuate that region ahead of an expected ground defense. For some, this proved fatal. A strike here on a supposed safe route killed twelve people. Tonight, Israeli defense forces issued this statement saying troops are preparing to implement a wide range of operational offensive plans, an indication of Gaza may be imminent.
