---
title: CBS Evening News 05.07.23
date: 2023-05-07 20:19:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s been another violent weekend in America. The worst of it in two Texas communities. We begin in the Dallas suburb of Allen where a gunman killed at least eight people Saturday, some of them children. CBS station KTVT identifies the gunman as thirty-three-year-old M.G. He was staying at a nearby motel and later killed at the scene. Today, to honor the victims, President B ordered flags flown at half-staff at federal buildings. He denounced the violence as senseless. 

Mourners have set up a makeshift memorial behind me at the mall, while this small community just north of Dallas tries to make sense of this senseless attack. Crosses and carnations were placed outside the outlet mall today after a shooter opened fire Saturday, killing at least eight people at a suburban Dallas shopping center. The gunfire set customers running for cover. Dashcam video showed the shooter drive up in a grey car open the door and take aim at shoppers. Police say the man was wearing body armor. Witnesses say they heard the gunman fire dozens of shots.  As people took cover, an Allen, Texas police officer already at the mall on an unrelated call, confronted the gunman, according to Allen, Texas police chief, B.H. Seven others were injured and remain in area hospitals. S.S race to the scene to help after his son told him about the shooting. S says he tried to help several people, including a child, but the little girl was dead. The Allen Premium Outlet mall was packed with shoppers getting ready for summer. Now the affluent suburb is hurting after being added to the growing list of American cities that were the site of the latest mass shooting. 
