---
title: CBS Evening News 04.12.23
date: 2023-04-13 21:32:19
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we want to begin as we’re learning more about that horrible massacre at a Louisville bank. We’re hearing from the family of the gunman for the first time saying they’ll fully cooperate with the investigators. They are also revealing that the shooter had mental health challenges which they said they were quote “actively addressing”. It comes the on the same day police released frantic 911 calls from inside the bank as employees hid pleading for help. In the background, you hear gunfire as police are engaging with the shooter. Also on those calls, his mother, in shock and disbelief. 

The community remembered the victims at a vigil here tonight with residents speaking through tears and calling for gun violence to end. It’s just hours since the police released those 911 calls. In them, you can feel the callers’ fear as they plead for police to act fast. The 911 calls are chilling, the first one from a woman who watched remotely on a video call as the shooter opened fire on a board meeting at the bank. Then a woman inside the bank called 911 cautiously, that she hides in a closet with another person. By the time, the shooter’s mother calls saying her son has never done anything violent and that he might be heading to the bank with a gun. Tonight, two people remain in the hospital, including police officer N.W, shot in the head as he responded to the shooting, he remains in critical condition. At a vigil in Louisville tonight, mourners honored the five people killed in the Monday shooting. All employees at the bank where the gunman worked. In a statement, the shooter’s family condemned what they called this senseless act of violence adding while he had mental health challenges, there were never any warning signs he was capable of shocking act. Funerals for at least two of the victims are set to take place on Friday. 
