---
title: CBS Evening News 07.20.23
date: 2023-07-21 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with stunning new details in the Gilgo Beach murders on New York’s Long Island. Law enforcement sources tell CBSN that the investigation has spread out to at least four states, including New York, New Jersey, South Carolina and Nevada. Police are trying to determine if the suspect, fifty-nine-year-old R.H is connected to any additional unsolved murders, including a wave of killings in Atlantic City in 2006. Now that investigators have his DNA in a statewide database other law enforcement agency can run his information against open cases. Last Friday, H was charged in the murders of three women and is the prime suspect in the death of fourth. He pleaded not guilty in all charges. Investigators are combing through his Massapequa Park home inch by inch for evidence. Police in New York are now in possession of an SUV from South Carolina that may be connected to at least one of the murders. 

Tonight, the investigation into the Gilgo Beach murders spread nationwide. CBSN has learned police are looking into whether one or more of the three murders R.H charged with maybe have taken place inside the Long Island home he shared with his wife and children. His family was apparently away at the time of those murders. Law enforcement officials also tell CBSN investigators are looking to see if H is connected to other unsolved murders throughout the country. Suffolk County officials have executed several warrants including in South Carolina and Las Vegas with the alleged killer had ties. Police in South Carolina are looking into whether a 2014 missing person case could be tied to H as well. Long Island investigators are actively working with Atlantic City Police to determine if H is involved in a string of unsolved killings of young women. 
