---
title: CBS Evening News 06.05.23
date: 2023-06-06 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with that shook the ground and frightened residents across the Washington, DC area on Sunday. The military scrambled six F-16 fighter jets to intercept an unresponsive plane that had entered restricted airspace over the nation’s capital. President B was not at the White House at the time. The small plane eventually crashed in a rural area in Western Virginia. NTSB investigators are on the scene but they say it could take several days to collect all the evidence. Four people were killed and CBSN has learned the victims included forty-nine-year-old A.A, her two-year-old daughter, their nanny and the pilot. The US Capitol complex was placed on an elevated alert. 

We are getting new information tonight from the FAA. FAA officials tell us that air traffic controllers lost contact with that small plane about fourteen minutes into the flight. That flight came to an end here. You see this hilly terrain behind me. You can imagine how treacherous it is for investigators, who are out here trying to sift through the wreckage. But getting to the wreckage is a problem all unto itself. The wreckage is about a mile and a half out but it takes about three and a half hours to hide there. From above a large crater scars the terrain where the Cessna plane crashed. Today, the NTSB was at the scene looking for evidence. The plane took off in Tennessee yesterday afternoon, flying to Long Island, New York at thirty-four thousand feet where it made a U-turn. A half hour later, six F-16 fighter jets intercepted the plane as it illegally breached Washington’s airspace crashing minutes later. The pilot did not respond to repeated calls from air traffic controllers and flares from the fighter jets. CBSN has learned that one of the F-16 pilots saw the Cessna pilot slumped over and unresponsive. The sonic boom of the jets breaking the sound barrier startled millions around the Capitol. R.S, a former chairman of the NTSB says the plane’s cabin may have lost pressure. 
