---
title: CBS Evening News 01.11.23
date: 2023-01-12 21:49:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Airports and travelers are still feeling the effects after a stunning computer outage that grounded all domestic flights, leaving questions about what could have costs this. Plus, another big headline tonight, Congressman G.S says he will not step down despite growing calls to resign from members of his own party and a new resume that is full of lies that he’s admitted to telling. But we want to begin with some surprising information that we just received this afternoon. Another batch of B documents with classified markings were found. Today, the White House and the president’s lawyers wouldn’t answer simple questions about those documents including what’s in them and we’ll learn more. 

Tonight, we are learning that as part of the Justice Department’s review, officials looked at the possibility of classified documents at other locations. And sources tell us, the number of sensitive documents found is larger than initially believed. CBSN has learned that documents marked classified from J.B’s ten-year as V.P were founded at least one additional location. The revelation follows the initial discovery of roughly ten classified document including November last year at the P.B.C in this building across from the Capitol. A source tells CBSN those documents contained highly classified material and briefings. Tonight, the White House declined to answer repeated questions about when the president learned about the first batch of classified documents and why the discovery wasn’t disclosed sooner, citing the Justice Department review. CBSN has learned that the president wasn’t informed of the classified documents on November 2 of last year, the same day they were found. The White House didn’t disclosed information until Monday, more than two months later, after requests from CBSN. The White House says proper protocols were followed. The materials were recovered by the National Archives the next day. And the Justice Department was notified. This comes five months after investigators seized over a hundred classified documents at former President T’s residents at Mar-a-Lago. House Speaker K.M alleged a double standard. But in T’s case, he refused repeated request to return all his classified documents. 
