---
title: CBS Evening News 09.17.23
date: 2023-09-18 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the head of the United Auto Workers tell CBSN that the historic strike could soon spread to other plants. Right now, thousands are on the picket lines at three factories in Michigan, Missouri and Ohio. That could slam the brakes on the economy. The Labor Department reports the US lost more than four million days of work due to strikes and lockouts last month. It is the highest level in more than twenty years. 

The UAW confirms a meeting with General Motors today and called a negotiating session with Ford Saturday, reasonably productive. But Jericka, no deal yet, which means these workers remain on strike. Rallying the troops on day three of United Auto Workers strike against Detroit’s big three car makers. Negotiations resumed Saturday, yielding some progress, but so far, no deal to get any of the nearly thirteen thousand striking workers off the picket line and back on the production line. The Union is currently seeking at least a thirty six percent raise cost of living and job protections, as well as an unwinding of concessions made during the Great Recession back in 2007. Automaker offers center around a raise of about twenty percent. Friday at midnight, workers at plants belonging to Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler parent, Stellantis in Michigan, Missouri and Ohio walked off the job when the union contract expired. Citing the ripple effect of the strike, Ford says it has had to temporarily lay off about six hundred workers at this plant. And General Motors says it expects to have to idle a plant in Kansas that employs more than two thousand people as soon as Monday. 
