---
title: CBS Evening News 01.22.23
date: 2023-01-23 19:59:19
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a lunar new year celebration in a California city erupted into chaos overnight. The festive atmosphere shattered by yet another shooting in this country. This time, police say ten people were killed and ten more injured at a ball room dance studio in Monterey Park. It’s about seven miles from Los Angeles. The gunman fled the scene leading to a mass manhunt and swat team member surrounding this white van. Investigator released a photo of suspect.

There are two active crime scenes near Los Angeles at this hour. One here the shooting scene at Monterey Park and another just thirty miles away in Torres where a white van believed to be significant to this case has being discovered. A hail of gunfire, a race to save lives, ending manhunt. The shooting at a Monterey Park dance club Saturday night came as the community celebrated the lunar new year. Police say five women and five men were killed when the gunman opened fire on the ground. Dozens inside scrambled to the exit. Many thought the shots were fireworks. The gunman fled in what the sheriff officials say was a white cargo van. Less than twenty minutes later in nearby Alhambra, reports that a group of people managed to disarmed a gunman at a dance studio there. About twelve hour later, in twenty seven miles away in the city of Torrance, a swat team surrounded and eventually entered this white van, more where they say they found the gunman dead. Early Sunday evening, the LA county sheriff’s apartment confirmed he shot and killed himself inside that white van.
