---
title: CBS Evening News 10.19.23
date: 2023-10-20 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B just delivered his second Oval Office address of his presidency, a setting that underscores the seriousness of the message. The situation in the Middle East is deteriorating. Israeli airstrikes intensifying after the President’s visit to Tel-Aviv, with bombings across the Gaza strip. And protests erupting across the Middle East with multiple Arab leaders calling for demonstrations tomorrow, even as we learn new details about the Gaza explosion. Israeli Defense Forces now saying the blast happened outside of the hospital and Western intelligence indicates Israel had nothing to do with the blast. Today, a US Navy destroyer, living up to its name, firing the first American shots of this conflict, taking down drones and missiles coming from Yemen. Also, this new, tonight, an official telling CBSN the US is preparing to send two Iron Dome missile defense systems to Israel. 

Tensions escalating by the minute across this region tonight from area demonstrations to fighting on three fronts while the Israeli defense minister tells troops here, you’ll soon see Gaza from the inside. The Israeli military resumed its ferocious bombardments of Gaza after the briefest of breaks during President B’s visit here yesterday. Gaza’s health ministry said the death toll has soared to nearly four thousand, if it hasn’t topped that already, as they count the bodies recovered by the moment. Hundreds of thousands of people have fled to escape the aerial onslaught and find food and shelter ahead of Israel’s anticipated ground offensive. Trucks carrying aid, lined up in a traffic jam on Egypt side of the border with Gaza, may be ready to roll after an UN-brokered deal to allow twenty trucks to cross into Gaza. But international aid agency said that doesn’t come close to meeting the needs of more than one million people displaced within Gaza, nearly half the territory’s population. Across, to the other Palestinian territory of the West Bank. Israeli army video appears to show a rare Israeli drone strike on a suspected Palestinian gunman following clashes there. Turning north of the country, another flashpoint. Israeli tanks opened fire toward Lebanon after Iranian backed Hezbollah fired at least twenty rockets and anti-tank missile into Israeli territory. In Egypt, the president calling for a rare day of protest, adding to pro-Palestinian demonstrations across the region, in anticipation of Israel’s expected move on Gaza. Jihadist leaders calling for able-bodied men to make their way towards Israel, like those boarding buses in Iraq. Others calling for attacks on all US bases in the region. Near the Gaza border, Prime Minister B.N rallying forces. 

