---
title: CBS Evening News 07.31.23
date: 2023-08-01 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with breaking news of a potential mass shooting that was prevented at a Jewish school in Memphis. The Memphis police say as the suspect attempted to gain entry into Hebrew Academy. When he couldn’t get in the building, he opened fire. Police are hailing to school for a safety plan saying that prevented anyone from being harmed. The suspect fled the scene and was later shot by police during a traffic stop. The congressman who represents the area called this quote “an apparent act of violent antisemitism”.

Memphis police just afternoon today, this man attempted to enter Hebrew Academy carrying a gun. They say when he failed to get inside, he fired shots outside the school and fled. The school provide police with a photo of the suspect and description of the vehicle he was driving, a maroon pickup truck with California plates. Police quickly spotted the vehicle and pulled him over. Monday shooting comes four months after shooter killed six people, including three nine-year-old children in Nashville. That tragedy sparks scrutiny of Tennessee’s lacks gun laws and the new calls to strengthen security at both private and public schools. The police say the incident could have acted more tragically but the school have safety measures in place including stopping a suspect from entering the building. They also say it’s too early to say whether this was a hate crime. 
