---
title: CBS Evening News 09.10.23
date: 2023-09-11 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the pictures from Morocco are astonishing. Even as the scope of Friday’s earthquake disaster is still unfolding. Today, President B expressed his condolences to the North African Country. Secretary of State A.B said the US is ready to help. The death toll now at twenty-one hundred is expected to rise as rescuers desperately try to find survivors in the rubble. The US Geological survey put the quake that struck Friday at 6.8 in magnitude. Homes and buildings collapsed, including in the old city of Marrakesh. 

Here in the ancient city of Marrakesh, people are forced to sleep outside for the third night in a row as the death toll around the country is climbing. The jolting moment the quake rips through the country. CCTV footage shows terrified Moroccans fleeing for their lives as buildings ancient and new collapse all around them. The worse devastation in the scenic high Atlas Mountains, where rescuers are racing to reach survivors trapped beneath the debris. Others are less fortunate. Untold victims remain trapped in areas cut off from aid, where grinding roads and landslides make much of the quake zone difficult, and in some cases, impossible to reach so far. Many of those within reach have sustained serious injuries. An estimated two thousand people like A.A, who can barely move or speak. While in cities like Marrakesh and its famed Kasbah, medieval buildings that have stood for a millennium could topple at any moment if they haven’t already. Here in Marrakesh, these ancient walls made of mud and brick, one of the very things that makes this city just so picturesque, have now made it so dangerous. Fearful of the aftershocks, tourists are among the distressed. The US embassy tells us that they’re aware of a small number of injured Americans but of no deaths. They also tell us a team of US disaster experts have just arrived to help determine how Americans can also help in the humanitarian effort. 
