---
title: CBS Evening News 08.09.23
date: 2023-08-10 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Now there is a breaking news, a Utah man was shot and killed earlier this morning during an FBI raid on his home. The agent was attempting to serve an arrest warrant after the man allegedly threatened to kill President B, his family, and several others, including former President Obama. 

According to court filings just three days ago, C.R posted that he’d heard President B was coming to Utah. R made a threat, saying he would be cleaning the dust off the M24 sniper rifle. Video shot by neighbors apparently shows the FBI raid which began this morning and, at some point, explosions are seen. One neighbor said they heard six gunshots and the R’s body was eventually brought out to the street. Early Wednesday, sources tell CBSN an FBI team try to arrest R at his Provo, Utah home, less than an hour’s drive from where the President is traveling tonight. Some kind of confrontation ensued and R died. The FBI had been investigating R for five months for allegedly making threats against government officials. Among them, Manhattan District Attorney, New York Attorney General and Attorney General, all of them, overseeing criminal or civil proceedings against former president D.T. In March, using Truth Social, a platform favored by T. R said he would be traveling to New York to fulfil his dream of killing B. The criminal complaint includes allegations of more than two dozen other threats against Vice President H, prosecutors and FBI agents. Neighbors tell CBSN R was active in his church, Pro Second Amendment, and someone known to have a “Arsenal of weapons in his home”. The White House official says the president was briefed on this case this morning shortly after the shootout. The Secret Service referred all questions on the case to the FBI.
