---
title: CBS Evening News 07.02.23
date: 2023-07-03 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a manhunt is underway for at least two shooters behind a barrage of bullets at a Baltimore block party. What started as an evening of celebrations ended with dozens running for their lives. Police say the suspects opened fire and shot thirty people, nearly half of them children. Two of them died including a teenager. It is unknown if this was a targeted attack, but we do know tonight this marks the 338th mass shooting in America so far this year. This began as a holiday weekend tradition, a barbecue, party, music. And it ended up in a tragedy that has jolted this city. At a 4th of July weekend block party, at first, the gunshots were mistaken for holiday fireworks. Witnesses describe a sea of bullets after midnight at what began as a family night of fun. At least thirty people shot, an eighteen-year-old woman and a twenty-year-old man killed. And a night later, the search for suspects is still underway. Authority say they are looking for multiple shooters. City Police records show this was the 310th shooting so far this year in Baltimore, and one that has staggered a city at the start of what was supposed to be a week of celebrations. Kids as young as thirteen were among the thirty victims, and at least four of them were taken to a pediatric emergency room. 