---
title: CBS Evening News 01.09.23
date: 2023-01-10 17:46:07
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Well, tonight, there is breaking news that Justice Department is looking into classified documents founded at private office once belonging to J.B. And it comes as he is in Mexico for a meeting with world leaders. Plus, just days after being sworn into office, more legal trouble or New York Republican Congressman J.S. But first, residents are bracing for another round of severe storms. Residents are cleaning up from last week’s bomb cyclone that flooded streets, knocked out power, and resulted in at least twelve deaths over the last ten days. Well, tonight, ninety percent of the state’s population is under a flood watch, with officials telling residents in several counties to leave and get to higher ground. President B has issued an emergency declaration. 

A short break in the rain here, but so much damage has already been done. Along the coast here Santa Cruz, the storm surge and really high surf, wiped out part of this beachfront road. You can see it’s just gone. And these record-breaking downpours, well, they’re wreaking havoc across the state. 

California is drowning, the ground now is so saturated water has nowhere to go but up. In the town of Felton, several homes now under water as the San Lorenzo river overflows, prompting rescues in the fast-moving current. Mud-soaked hillsides are coming down. This one is blocking the highway into Santa Cruz. The San Lorenzo is just one of several rivers now at or above flood stage. This map shows widespread the risk is. Many flooded roads in San Francisco Bay area are impassable. High wind and high water uprooted trees. Just in the past ten days, Oakland, California has more rain than it normally gets in the entire season. The brunt of the storm is now taking aim on southern California.
