---
title: CBS Evening News 01.12.23
date: 2023-01-13 20:54:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a new and serious investigation into President B’s classified documents after we learned more of American secrets were turned over just this morning. Plus, the new information we are just getting in about L.M.P, her mom, P is saying today about her condition after the only child of E.P suffered cardiac arrest. But first, nearly twenty million Americans are under threat of severe storms in the south. This afternoon, a large and extremely dangerous tornado tore apart homes, leaving a trail of destruction in its path in Selma, Alabama. Tornadoes warnings have been posted in several counties north of the capital city of Montgomery as the storms are moving east. This is part of the same storm system that brought torrential rains and flood waters to much of California earlier in the week.

A confirmed midafternoon tornado near Atlanta’s airport led to the second ground stop in as many days here. No flights in or out for roughly half an hour. All part of a storm-tossed Thursday across the south. Salma, Alabama, the bull’s eye of a powerful tornado ripping through the city, causing major damage. A line of large tornadoes swept through the south, touching down in central and eastern Kentucky. Roofs blown off, cars flipped on their sides, a trail of ruin, striking in the middle of the day, causing misery in Mississippi. Southern states ravaged as the toll continues to mount in the west. 
