---
title: CBS Evening News 05.20.23
date: 2023-05-21 20:52:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a bold move by Ukraine’s President V.Z to shore up allied support against Russia. Z arrived in Hiroshima, Japan for face-to-face meetings with leaders of the world’s richest democracies. He is urging them to stick with Ukraine as Russia bets on the west growing fatigued by the cost of the war. Moments after landing, Z tweeted that peace will become closer today. President Z flew to Hiroshima on a plane provided by the French government. His star power will focus global attention on this summit which was always intended to showcase G7 leaders’ unwavering support for Ukraine. Even before he touched down, Z got one of the things he’d been asking for, F-16 fighter jets. After refusing for months, President B approved the training of Ukrainian pilots to fly the US-made warplanes. Various European allies are expected to supply the actual aircraft from stocks they already own. After some picturesque photo ops and closed-door meetings, the G7 leaders spelled out their common ground in a communique that sets out ambitious targets. They include developing controls for artificial intelligence, mechanisms to deal with Chinese economic bullying, and committing to ending fossil fuel use by 2050. The G7 leaders released their joint communique a day early to clear the decks for the star of the show V.Z who is going to be front and center tomorrow.
