---
title: CBS Evening News 11.06.23
date: 2023-11-07 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with fireworks inside a New York City courtroom as former President D.T took the stand in the civil fraud trial against him and his company. T clashed with prosecutors and the judge when he refused to answer questions with a simply yes or no and instead went into long speeches. At one point, the judge even threatened to remove T from the witness stand ??? T and his company are accused of committing fraud by intentionally adjusting property values and inflating his personal wealth to obtain better terms on bank loans and insurance. The judge has already found and his company liable for fraud and this trial will determine how much T will have to pay in penalties. The attorney general office is seeking two hundred and fifty million dollars and to bar T and his children from doing businesses in New York. His daughter I will testify Wednesday. 

A dramatic tense day with voices raised and insult exchanged as former President T assailed the judge in this case. T also acknowledged the role in the evaluation of his properties. Days after his sons put the responsibility on accounts. Former President T zipped his lip in front of cameras, but on witness stand he was anything but quiet. T repeatedly lashed out at State Supreme Court Judge A.G. The man who will decide the fate of his business empire. Asked for yes or no answers by the New York State Attorney, T instead gave ??? prompting the judge to tell him “This is not a political rally, this is a courtroom”. Even pleading T’s lawyer to control him. T shook his head from the witness stand saying “This is a very unfair trial”. T and other defendants including his children have already been found liable for fraud in the case, as part of two hundred- and fifty-million-dollar law suit brought forward by New York Attorney General J. She accused T of inflating his assets including Mar-A-Lago, T Tower and his seven spring’s family estate by over two billion dollars in order to gain better financial terms. T and his sons are blaming their accountants for any errors???. When asked about the charges today, T erupted calling questions about the evaluation of Mar-A-Lago disgraceful. 
