---
title: CBS Evening News 10.03.23
date: 2023-10-04 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with this historic day right here in the nation’s capital. <strong>For the first time in the history of American democracy and the first Congress of seventeen 1789, the Speaker of the House has been removed from his position as the leader of the chamber. By vote of 216 to 210, lawmakers booted Speaker K.M, throwing the House into chaos and into unprecedented territory.</strong> M, seen here walking away from the chamber in bitter defeat after facing an uprising from the far-right faction of his own party. Florida Congressman M.G a long-time critic and thorn in the side of M, led the revolt after the now former speaker worked with Democrats on a funding bill to avoid a government shutdown. Only eight Republicans voted to vacate the chair, but two hundred and eight Democrats refused to come to M’s rescue and save his speakership. 

M speakership lasted nine months, with critics inside his own party threatening to move on him throughout. Today, they made their move and left half of the US Congress in a state of uncertainty. For the first time in the history, the US House stripped its speaker of his job. Hours after the vote, M blasted the Republicans who unseated him and announced he won’t run for speaker again. K.M’s rocky leadership of one of the most narrow majorities ever in the House of Representatives, which he earned only after a marathon fifteen round drama in January, ended with dramatic flourish as eight Republicans joined all House Democrats to remove him. Florida Republican M.G led the challenge citing complaints about M’s deal with President B to avert a debt ceiling crisis in May and the eleventh-hour deal to avert a government shutdown Saturday in which M secured more support among Democrats than Republicans. For now, the House turns to a temporarily Speaker, North Carolina Republican P.M until a formal vote occurs to choose a new speaker. M had hoped some Democrats would vote to save him, but they decided to back his removal after watching video this morning in a private meeting of M on Sunday’s Face the Nation blaming Democrats after they helped him avert a shutdown.
