---
title: CBS Evening News 03.22.23
date: 2023-03-23 19:27:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, California is picking up the pieces after being slammed by yet another major storm, including an apparent tornado. More on that in a moment. Plus, drug shortages are on the rise for some lifesaving medications including those used in cancer treatments. But first, the nation’s latest school shooting, this one at a Denver high school left two staff members including one who was taken into surgery with life-threatening injuries. Authorities say the suspect is a student who remains at large tonight and is considered armed and dangerous. School has canceled classes for the rest of the week. 

This suspect was known to school officials and was patted down on every day as he arrived here at school. It was during that search, police say, he pulled the gun and shot rang out. Tonight, the manhunt continues for seventeen-year-old A.L, the student who police say opened fire on two administrators. Authorities say the shooting happened just before 10:00 this morning inside Denver’s East High School during a mandatory search of the student because a past behavior. One victims is in critical condition undergoing surgery, another is stable and talking, police said. East High’s more than twenty five hundred students and staffs were immediately placed on lockdown. Soon after, shaken parents waited to pick up their children. There have been more than a hundred school shootings including on college campuses this academic year alone. Just last month, a student at the same school was shot and killed while sitting in a car outside the building, prompting a student walkout in March to the Colorado State Capitol demanding stricter safety rules. 
