---
title: CBS Evening News 01.16.23
date: 2023-01-17 19:50:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are learning more about the investigation into that near collision of two passenger planes at JFK airport in New York, putting lives of more than three hundreds at risk. Plus, one of the deadliest days for civilians in Ukraine since the war began. At least forty people were killed including three children after a Russian missile attack on an apartment building in Dnipro. How the US is responding. But first, President B is facing growing criticism tonight from both parties after the newest discoveries of classified material at his home in Delaware. And after demands from White House Republicans for visitor logs to that property. We are learning new information tonight there are no logs. 

The document disclosures continued this weekend, and what’s become an expanding legal and political headache for the White House. The president today ignored questions about the disclosure of five more classified pages at his Wilmington home as the demand for answers from the White House from both parties increased. In a letter, House Oversight Committee Chairman, J.C, told White House Chief of Staff, R.K, the White House must provide the Wilmington residence visitor logs. But a White House spokesman told CBSN there is no such thing. Like every president across decades of modern history, his personal residence is personal. The latest disclosure of classified materials came Saturday, when White House counsel R.S announced he had gone to the Wilmington house Thursday evening to handover a single page document found earlier. Democrats are also voicing concerns. President and vice president can take classified records home with little accounting of what they have and where, says former acting CIA Director M.M. At the end of the administration, both classified and unclassified government documents belonging to president or vice president must be turned over to the National Archives.
