---
title: CBS Evening News 07.30.23
date: 2023-07-31 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin once again with historic heat wave that has really gripped much of the country throughout July. Well, tonight, some good news. Triple-digit temperatures that have scorched the southwest are expected to ease this week. But not just yet, today, Phoenix in Arizona had its thirty-first consecutive day of the Mercury topping one hundred ten degrees. In the northeast, a storm broke the heat that, but it was fierce. Despite hurricane force winds, this guard at the Tombs of the Unknowns at the Arlington National Cemetery never broke stride. 

July is on the brink of breaking a world weather record from punishing heat that has gripped much of the nation. A dangerous heat dome punishing the nation, the last week of July testing the mettle of millions. This raging wildfire jumped international lines from Washington State to British Columbia. So far, hundreds of fires across Canada have burned a land mass the size of Cuba. People across the US are dialing 911 for help. CDC’s heat and health tracker shows the most ER visits last week were in the west followed by the southwest and the Florida panhandle. Fire hydrants offering small consolation for New Yorkers while others seek relief at the city’s five hundred cooling centers. Animals, too, getting help. At the LA zoo, chimps chomp on meat pops under misters, while Meerkats munch on ice cubes. And otters, they stay in the water, feasting on frozen fish. All strategies to keep the animals safe with zookeepers looking for signs of distress. So, zookeepers add, the same signs can be looked out for your pets as well. If they start to appear lethargic, or they are not drinking water, get them help. The heat might be too much for them as well.  
