---
title: CBS Evening News 02.01.23
date: 2023-02-02 21:20:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Millions are in the path of hazardous weather from snow and ice in the south to an Arctic blast that’s bringing bitterly cold temperatures and dangerous windchills in the northeast. Plus, the suspect in a violent kidnapping is now tied to a double murder. But first, family, friends and dignitaries gather in Memphis to mourn the death and celebrate the life of T.N. Vice President K.H delivered an impassioned speech saying the 29-year-old was killed at the hands and feet of those whose job was to keep him safe. 

Loved ones remember T.N as a man who touched people throughout his life. That legacy carries on even in his death. Nearly one thousand mourners in Memphis today to say goodbye to T.N including Vice President K.H who sat with N’s family. N died January 10th, three days after he was brutally beaten by five police officers who were all part of a specialized scorpion street crime unit. They are all facing multiple charges including secondary murder. We’re are now learning that four of the five former officers charged in the assault had prior complaints. The Department reprimanded D.M Jr. following a 2019 arrest for failing to file a report about the use of physical force he used in making an arrest. Three years ago, N moved to Memphis to be closer to this mother. He had a four-year-old son and worked the second shift at FedEx with his stepfather. His mother says he was an avid skateboarder who loves sunset. Now during the service, many called on Congress to pass the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act making it require for officers to intervene other officers when doing something illegal. 
