---
title: CBS Evening News 01.30.23
date: 2023-01-31 18:59:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, we are following the ice storm that is hitting the south tonight. Fifteen states are under winter weather warnings and watches with millions of Americans bracing for cold weather and dangerous ice from Texas to Pennsylvania. The other big headline today, kids back in school, nearly a month after a first grader shot his teacher in Virginia. The see-through backpacks, new security guards as we talk to parents how their children are doing. But first, we have some major developments just in from Memphis, Tennessee. Tonight, we have learned two more officers were disciplined and relieved of duty in the deadly beating of T.N. Also breaking tonight, three Memphis Fire Department EMTs were fired tonight in connection with the case. They allegedly stood around without administrating care for nearly seven minutes. Also new tonight, T.N’s parents will attend President B’s State of Union address next week as guests of Congressional Black Caucus. 

We’re just learning those three fire officials could face criminal charges. Fallout over the brutal beating of twenty-nine-year-old T.N sparked nationwide outrage and protests. CBSN has learned two more police officers have been relieved of duty pending an internal investigation. Now, the Memphis Police Department has not said what role that seven officers played in this deadly accident. Meanwhile, loved ones and community members will hold a funeral for T.N at this Memphis church on Wednesday.
