---
title: CBS Evening News 11.07.23
date: 2023-11-08 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re learning that President B is personally urging Prime Minister N for a humanitarian pause in Gaza but Israel is insisting a halt in fighting will only come after the more than two hundred hostages taking by Hamas are released. It may not be the only disagreement between two allies. N saying he sees Israel playing a role in Gaza for “An indefinite period” specifically talking about a security responsibility. But you may recall, President B told Sixty Minutes it would be a big mistake if Israel occupies Gaza after the war. Well tonight, the fighting in the heart of Gaza City is intensifying. Look at these pictures. This comes as today marks one month since Hamas attack that killed more than fourteen hundred people, the deadliest attack on Jews since the Holocaust. And now thousands of civilians are fleeing Gaza City as the battle between Israel and Hamas draws closer. 

We saw destruction, destruction as far as the eye could see. No civilians even soldiers we were with they had seen no civilians. But they were coming up against Hamas militants. In fact, while we were there, they had to reinforce other troops for coming under fire. We joined the paratroopers of Israel’s 501st Airborne Brigade, among the first wave of forces to invade Gaza after Hamas militants went on their murderous rampage one month ago. Gunners kept looked out as we crossed the desert scrubland of northeast Gaza until we reached Beit Hanoun. As we arrived, the sound of ongoing gun battles could be heard nearby. The city had an estimated prewar population of more than sixty thousand people. Looking around, it’s hard to imagine anyone lived here at all. The commander here told us there were about a thousand Hamas militants here to begin with. Now there are a few dozen left. It’s not the threats above ground that they’re worried about, but the ones below it. 
