---
title: CBS Evening News 08.22.23
date: 2023-08-23 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with a 1-2 punch of extreme weather from Tropical storm Harold slamming Texas to the sweltering heat across the middle of the country. Thousands of homes and businesses are without power tonight after Tropical Storm Harold made landfall South of Corpus Christi with sustained winds of fifty miles per hour. The nineth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season is bringing heavy rains, flooding, strong winds and storm surge along the coast. Elsewhere, it’s dangerous. And excessive heat causing problems from Minnesota to Florida. More than one hundred and forty million Americans are under heat alerts in nearly half the states. Triple-digit feels like temperatures topped one hundred and ten degrees in places like Kansas City and Minneapolis. 

Tropical storm Harold came ashore today with a vengeance packing wind gusts of more than sixty miles an hour. All around me, those Gulf waters continue to wash ashore, people were stranded and roads were flooded. Harold is pummeling parts of Texas. The storm unleashed wind gusts up to sixty miles an hour as it made landfall this morning unleashing torrents of rain on the Lone Star State. Governor G.A says Texas has deployed emergency responders to monitor the storm as it moves across the state. In the Midwest, the heat is the issue. 
