---
title: CBS Evening News 07.21.23
date: 2023-07-22 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with nearly one hundred and twenty million Americans under heat alerts. This duration of six straight weeks of intense heat is record breaking and there is no relief in sight. The city of Phoenix, nicknamed the Valley of the Sun, is starting to feel like it. Phoenix topped one hundred and ten degrees for the twenty second straight day today, a new record. Extreme Heat causes more death each year than any other weather event. And health officials from California to Florida are seeing a surge in heat related visits to emergency rooms. 

Right now, it is one hundred and eighteen degrees here in Palm Springs. It makes simply going outside down right dangerous for some people. And for some first responders, it’s an occupational hazard. Imagine, firefighters in this heat, wearing all that gear. For firefighters and EMTs in Palm Springs, the nonstop sweltering heat makes an already difficult job even more challenging. Battalion Chief G.L says with street temperatures that high, many calls can end up with a trip to the burn unit. It’s another blazing hot day in Phoenix, the city’s fifth consecutive day above one hundred and fifteen degrees. Rescue teams are heading to the streets to help the vulnerable, homeless population. In fact, it was so hot in Phoenix yesterday, a fire caused propane tanks to explode and fly into the air near Sky Harbor Airport. And in Southern Florida, the heat and humidity are pushing outdoor workers to the limit. The hot weather contributed to the death of a twenty-nine-year-old farm worker in Homestead. 
