---
title: CBS Evening News 08.06.23
date: 2023-08-07 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the legal battle between former President D.T and a federal prosecutor investigating the January 6th is nearing a showdown in court just as the Republican presidential race is heating up, and his own former Vice President is speaking out. T’s legal team has now been ordered to responded as soon as possible to the Justice Department which is seeking to restrain comments about the case made by T who has been raging against special counsel J.S both on the campaign trail and on social media. This weekend, T’s lawyers sought a delay, but Judge T.C denied that request and gave T a Monday deadline to respond. T pleaded not guilty this past week to criminal charges related to his alleged role in trying to overturn the 2020 election. 

Ahead of Monday’s standoff over what former President D.T can and can’t say about this case. T’s lawyer, J.L, argued that the former president said nothing wrong. Ahead of what could be a contentious courtroom battle, former President T slammed the indictment brought by special counsel, J.S. His legal team is planning to ask for a motion to dismiss the charges in the January 6th case. A new CBSN poll find just over a half of Americans believe T tried to stay in office illegally. Most Americans also believe the indictments against T are upholding the rule of law and defending democracy. At the same time a majority of those poll believe the investigations are aimed at stopping T’s 2024 campaign. And that number was even higher among Republicans. T’s grip on Republican party remains strong as he and his rivals campaign ahead of the first GOP debate which T might skip later this month, few of T’s rivals have been critical of him, but former New Jersey Governor, C.C came out swinging this weekend on CBSN Sunday morning. 
