---
title: CBS Evening News 08.31.23
date: 2023-09-01 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the devastating aftermath of hurricane Idalia, destroying homes and businesses from Florida to North Carolina. Take a look at this remarkable drone footage over the coastal town of Horseshoe Beach, Florida, the catastrophic damage brought on by the hurricane force winds and flood waters. Homes were ripped apart and debris scattered across the entire region. The video is the same, community after community up and down the coastline, with buildings knocked off their foundation or simply gone, replaced by wreckage. Insurance experts estimate the price tag of Idalia’s damage could reach as high as twenty billion dollars. 

More than sixty-five National Guard troops are handing out supplies and helping with the clean ups. And this is what they are finding, piles of debris that used to be homes and businesses. Tonight, Floridians are sorting through the devastation left behind by Idalia. This was what Horseshoe Beach look like as an up to ten-foot storm roared through. And this is what’s left, homes reduced to piles of woods, businesses destroyed. Clean up efforts are ongoing on the island of Cedar Key. The powerful storm surge pounded these cottages. The water punched through the glass of this room over here. And as the water kept coming forward, it started pushing into the rooms, soaking everything and throwing it around. Keaton Beach was overwhelmed by an up-to-ten-foot storm surge. 
