---
title: CBS Evening News 01.20.23
date: 2023-01-21 19:42:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight and this week, the marches across America as this Sunday marks fifty years since the Supreme Court ruled on R.V.W. That anniversary observed for the first time since the landmark decision on abortion was overturned. Plus, an important health update on D.H as his team, the Buffalo Bills, prepares for a rematch against the Cincinnati Bengals. That important playoff game is going to be right here on CBS. But we do want to begin tonight with those major layoffs in Silicon Valley. Google’s parent company Alphabet, announcing today it will cut twelve thousand positions. That is six percent of its workforce. The tech giant’s biggest ever round of layoffs come during the same week that Microsoft and Amazon also announced job cuts. Nationwide, companies are cost-cutting amid concerns about slowing economy and pending recession.

Tonight, Google’s CEO is taking responsibility for the massive layoffs, saying the company hired for a different economic reality than the one it’s facing today. Tonight, massive layoffs, twelve thousand people losing jobs at Google’s parent company, Alphabet. Just the latest tech company to slash its workforce. Big tech went on an aggressive hiring boom during pandemic. Some of the world’s wealthiest companies added tens of thousands to the payrolls. But cuts are now sweeping the industry. Microsoft this week, saying it would lay off ten thousand, Amazon shedding as many as eighteen thousand. And Facebook parent company, Meta, cutting eleven thousand, thirteen percent of its workforce. Twitter, Salesforce and Wayfair also eliminating jobs. Tech sector losing more than seventy thousand jobs in the past year. The reckoning comes amid recession fears, rising interest rates and frustration. 
