---
title: CBS Evening News 02.09.23
date: 2023-02-10 21:39:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news that we are just getting in. CBSN has learned the former Vice President M.P subpoenaed by the special counsel investigating the former President D.T. We’ve got new details on that in just a moment. The other big story that is making international headlines, North Korea showcasing the largest number of nuclear weapons in a parade, and what appearance of K.JU’s daughter means about the future of the K dynasty. But first, desperation is setting in as the death toll continues to surge in Turkey and Syria. The race to find survivors has reached a critical point as temperatures fall and the vital seventy two hour period has passed. Satellite images of the area shows the scope of the devastation with before and after photo revealing the utter destruction of the landscape. It’s hard to imagine, but the images from Syria, are even worse. Nearly all the buildings in this before and after image being reduced to rubble.

We’ve spent more than sixteen hours today traveling across the disaster zone meeting people like these. They just lost their homes and now they have no place to sleep. This after hour days of sifting through the rubble looking for their friends, their relatives, their neighbors, hoping to find signs of life before it’s too late. People’s home, people’s memories, people’s lives. In Turkey, more than six thousand buildings crumbled or up smoke amid more than thirteen hundred aftershocks. Many of them in corners of the country so remote. Help is hard to come by. To see them, we head to more than two hundred miles east towards frontier city of Adiyaman along a road littered with the aftermath of the earthquake and the faint glimmers of hope at what used to be an apartment building. We were just told that a seventeen high school girl is still alive beneath the rubble. She managed to message a friend of hers to tell her that. So rescuers are working bucket by bucket with their bare hands piece by piece try to rescue her and anyone else who might still be alive. In many ways, it’s even more dire in war-torn Syria where today, four days after the earthquake, aid has finally arrived. But amid the freezing cold, shortage of food and dwindling heating, the aftermath warns the World Health Organization could prove even more deadly than the earthquake itself. The WHO says that’s because the earthquake disrupted basic distribution of things like water, food, fuel, electricity, communications. Simply put when it comes to what people need more of here it is absolutely everything.
