---
title: CBS Evening News 01.23.23
date: 2023-01-24 19:28:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are here at Monterey Park, California, a community that is in mourning following the deadliest mass shooting of the year. And we were supposed to be in a celebration for the Lunar New Year, instead turning into a massacre. Well today, the death toll growing, eleven people killed and nine others injured. And what we’re learning tonight about some of the victims all over the age of fifty. A second shooting was prevented by a twenty-six-year-old, seen in these surveillance tape. Tonight, our interview with his father who owns the Lai Lai Ballroom. Tonight, police are still searching for a motive after the suspected gunman, seventy-two-year-old H.C.T died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound as investigators closed in. And late this afternoon, police say they recovered forty-two bullet casings inside the studio that’s right behind me. And in that second studio, police found a nine millimeter semiautomatic handgun which was wrestled away from him.

We’re just hearing from investigators. They now believe the suspect was manufacturing weapons at his home. And as the investigation continues, they are trying to piece together the motive here. We know they are looking at jealousy or potential domestic dispute that could have been contributing factors. The hunt for investigators nearly eighty miles from the scene of the deadly shooting to suspect, H.C.T’s Hemet, California home, where Sheriff’s deputies served a search warrant overnight. Those killed ranged in age from their fifties to seventies. The shooting was reported at 10:22. And seventeen minutes later at 10:39, the suspect entered a second dance hall about three miles away. 
