---
title: CBS Evening News 05.11.23
date: 2023-05-12 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a crisis at the southern border. The clock is ticking as the pandemic-era rule, known as Title 42, is set expire in a matter of hours. The border patrol chief telling CBSN tonight sixty thousand migrants are waiting near the US-Mexico border in hopes of seeking asylum once the deadline passes. US Customs and Border Protection say they are beyond capacity from California to Texas and are currently holding around twenty-five thousand migrants at its facilities. And we’ve just learned from an administration official that thousands of migrants were expelled today. Some flown out of the US. 

Behind me it’s one spot along the border where migrants, some of them have managed to make their way to the northern and turn themselves in to border patrol agents. As you mentioned, the border patrol chief told us he is aware of sixteen thousand migrants on the other side in northern Mexico. But he says they were prepared for whatever the decisions they might make. Tonight, with just hours to go before the official end of Title 42, border authorities are preparing for an influx of migrants since Monday. Roughly thirty thousand migrants have been apprehended. The B administration has proposed new immigration policies, such as restricting migrants from seeking asylum in the US if they haven’t applied for it in another country, like Mexico, penalties like banishment for up to five years for those who try to go outside the asylum process. Those who are allowed to seek asylum here will be tracked by GPS and have home curfews. 	Still, Republican critics say the administration immigration plans are not enough. Along other stretches of the Texas border, those processed continue their journey to the US.
