---
title: CBS Evening News 04.02.23
date: 2023-04-02 21:03:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, New York City is bracing for what could be two tumultuous days. On Monday, former President D.T is expected to fly from Florida to New York. Then, on Tuesday, he will be formally arraigned on criminal charges in a historic indictment that remains under seal. Today, in West Palm Beach, Mr. T gave a thumbs up and waved to supporters from inside his SUV as he left his gulf club. He has not appeared before cameras to address his indictment but that is expected to change soon. 

New York remains on high alert ahead of former President T’s return to the city on Monday. He will be here at T tower ahead of his arraignment on Tuesday, then later Tuesday, fly back to Florida, where he plans to speak with reporters at Mar-a-Lago. Former T’s lawyer, J.T, vowing an aggressive legal strategy ahead of Tuesday’s arraignment. The charges remain under seal, but a source familiar with the indictment tell CBSN that former President T will likely be charged with falsifying business records in the first degree, a felony stemming from alleged hush money paid to adult film star S.D. M.C, a key witness in the investigation sat down with CBSN this weekend and said the case is about more than his testimony. New York remains on high alert ahead of Tuesday’s arraignment at a Manhattan courthouse. Most Republicans are offering T’s support, including Florida Governor R.D who slammed Manhattan District Attorney A.B. 
