---
title: CBS Evening News 10.17.23
date: 2023-10-18 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the breaking news that is reverberating around the world. When President B announced his trip to the Middle East, there was hope that his meetings with Israeli and Arab leaders could result in relief to Gaza and the release of American hostages. Tonight, that hope has faded. We’re learning new details tonight about an explosion at a hospital in Gaza City. A Palestinian health ministry saying hundreds of people were killed and many more injured. Take a look at some of these images. Women and children in the aftermath waiting for treatment, terrified. The hospital just hit and overwhelmed. Now, Hamas is blaming an Israeli airstrike but Israel is denying responsibility saying their intelligence shows it was caused by a failed rocket launch by the group Islamic Jihad. Throughout this conflict, civilians have taken refuge around hospitals and schools in hopes of avoiding the near-constant airstrikes from above. And tonight, that safety shattered. It was just President B was boarding Air Force One this afternoon that he learned his meetings in Jordan canceled. And we’re now learning he won’t travel to Jordan at all but will still go to Tel-Aviv as a show of support for Israel, a city where air-raid sirens continue to go off. 

We’re still getting new details about exactly what happened at that hospital in Gaza. As you mentioned, Israeli Defense Forces specifically naming Islamic Jihad. This is another Islamic militant organization that shares Gaza with Hamas also at war with Israel launching attacks here, just adding to the volatility. Cellphone footage captured the moment in an explosion turned an overcrowded hospital in Gaza into a massive fireball. Hundreds are thought to have been killed in what might be Gaza’s worst single loss of life yet. Prime Minister B.N said tonight an analysis shows the explosion was caused by a barrage of rockets that misfired by Palestinian militants Islamic Jihad within Gaza. Hamas blamed Israel saying the strike is a result of what they called unlimited US support for Israel. It triggered international condemnation, Egypt, Qatar, Iran, Jordan, and Turkey among the countries who have denounced the airstrike. Palestinian President M.A who was meeting with the US Secretary of State A.B in the Jordanian capital, has declared three days of mourning in response to the hospital strike. Protests have erupted in the West Bank and in Jordan where security forces used tear gas to disperse crowds of protesters trying to storm Israeli embassy. The hospital disaster has only heaped more misery and bloodshed on Gaza where horrific scenes after a series of Israeli airstrikes have taken the level of sheer human suffering and soaring death toll to next level. In Raffa, terrified children cried out as frantic residents scrambled among the rubble in search for survivors. Some children, unable to make any sound at all. 
