---
title: CBS Evening News 11.14.23
date: 2023-11-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with several developing stories, including a massive, five-vehicle crash in Ohio involving a bus full of high school students. At least six people killed and more than a dozen others. We’ll go to the scene in just a moment. But first, there is major news here in Washington about the war between Israel and Hamas. Tonight, the White House and Pentagon almost simultaneously saying that US intelligence supports Israel’s claim that Hamas has a vast tunnel system under hospitals to store weapons and hold hostages. Tonight, retired Admiral J.K, spokesman for the National Security Council told reporters aboard Air Force One that using hospitals like that would amount to a war crime. President B today had a message for the families of hostages to hang in there. And tonight, CBSN can confirm that one of those hostages is three-year-old A.E from Arizona. She is the youngest Americans being held by Hamas. Back here in Washington, tens of thousands came from all over the country for the march for Israel on the National Mall. 

Israeli tanks surround Gaza’s largest hospital, which US officials say is doubling as a command-and-control hub for Hamas. Still, the US urged Israel today not to fire any more munitions at Al Shifa Medical Center amid reports of incubators failing, babies dying, and a mass grave being dug on hospital grounds to dispose of dozens of bodies. Gaza is gripped by a full-blown health care crisis. In northern Gaza, there is just one functioning hospital left. 
