---
title: CBS Evening News 04.27.23
date: 2023-04-26 19:53:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with some breaking news here in Washington. CBSN has confirmed that former Vice President M.P appeared before a grand jury investigating efforts to overturn the 2020 election. P testified for more than seven hours about the events leading up to the January 6th attack on the US Capitol. Special Counsel, J.S want to know about P’s conversations with former President D.T and T’s alleged role in plans to block congressional certification of President-elect J.B’s election victory. A federal appeals court on Wednesday rejected T’s last-minute bid to try and block P’s testimony. Former President M.P at the center of the storm before and during the Capitol attack. And today, sources told CBSN he came prepared to tell the truth within certain legal bounds about what really happened behind the scenes in that relentless effort to get him to stop the B presidency. Special Counsel, J.S, got his special star witness today, former Vice President M.P, whose appearance before the grand jury was one former President D.T repeatedly try to block. P’s SUV left the DC court house this evening after his lengthy session with investigators. T signed an executive wanted to stop P from sharing details about the days leading up to the January 6th attack and T’s pressure campaign to overturn the 2020 election. T leaned into P privately and publicly on January 6th. P’s refusal to block the certification of the election infuriated T. Now, with P moving closer to entering the race for the White House, his testimony today could affect the legal and political fate of his potential rival. 
