---
title: CBS Evening News 11.29.23
date: 2023-11-30 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with major news out of the Middle East on this sixty day of the temporary ceasefire between Israel and Hamas and we’re just hours away from the end of that pause in fighting, unless a last-minute deal is reached. Well, today, American citizens were just released from captivity in Gaza as part of the latest group of hostages freed by Hamas. The forty-nine-year-old woman who holds dual US and Israeli citizenship was one of sixteen hostages released today. That includes ten Israelis, four Thai citizens and two Russians. Thirty Palestinian prisoners were handed over as part of the latest exchange. Now this brings the total hostage freed during the truce to ninety-seven. That means about a hundred and fifty are still detained. All this at this hour the international team of mediators, including from the US and Qatar are working around the clock to extend the pause of fighting for several more days. 

And just moments ago, we saw secretary A.B motorcade arrive here in Tel-Aviv all part of the US’s efforts to extend the ceasefire to increase aid to Gaza and of course to free all of the hostages. And tonight, the leader from Hamas telling CBSN that they are willing to release every hostage that includes men and soldiers in exchange for every Palestinian prisoner. The sixth wave of hostage release included an American woman, L.B who was freed from captivity. But for her father, Y, the joy isn’t complete. Her sister, T, flew from Portland, Oregon for the reunion. And tonight, they heard from the president. R and her daughter L. separated in captivity just before the thirteen-year-old released Saturday are expected to be together again tonight. The fate of eight more American hostages hangs in the balance. And tonight, a devastating blow to all who awaited to the news on the release of the B family. 
