---
title: CBS Evening News 10.29.23
date: 2023-10-30 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Several big stories this Sunday including the sad news that Friends star M.P died this weekend. He was fifty-four. Tonight, P is being remembered for his role in one of TV's biggest hits as well as his public struggle with addiction. But first, we begin with the latest in the Israel-Hamas war. Tonight, Egypt sent nearly three dozen trucks of food and medical aid into southern Gaza. Rockets fired by Hezbollah, militants in Lebanon hit a neiborhood in northern Israel. No word yet on casualties. This as fighting in the Gaza Strip expands. 

Tonight, Israeli forces are on the attack and on the move inside Gaza saying more troops have entered the territory, while the humanitarian crisis inside Gaza is worsening by the minutes. The Israeli Defense Forces said they struck more than four hundred and fifty Hamas targets in a twenty-four period releasing new nighttime video claiming to show Israeli tanks advancing inside Gaza, flanked by infantry soldiers on foot, taking up positions under the cover of darkness and smoke screens. Hamas has reported firefights and released video purporting to show a missile attack on an Israeli troop carrier while aid agencies describe the toll on civilians as a catastrophic crisis. The UN has warned of a breakdown of civil order saying hundreds of people have stormed their warehouses in a desperate search for food and basic supplies. Large parts of the territory have been cut off from communications, but CBSN producer M.AG managed to report today scenes of despair and utter desolation. 