---
title: CBS Evening News 08.05.23
date: 2023-08-06 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
An incendiary social media post by former President D.T has sparked a standoff between him and federal prosecutors after T broadly threatened revenge on Friday. Justice Department officials push back and asked the judge in the January 6th case to rein in T. This comes just days after T pleaded not guilty in federal court over his alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election. And tonight, after the judge gave T a deadline of 5 PM Monday to respond, there has been a flurry statements from both sides. 

The T legal team has responded, they’ve asked for three more days. But this is just one of many legal proceedings that the former president is facing as he tries to be the president yet again. Simultaneously facing three criminal prosecutions, the former president took the stage in Alabama last night undeterred. Also yesterday, government prosecutors for the 2020 election interference case asked a federal judge for a protective order to limit what T can say publicly about the proceedings. They cited concerns, T might share pretrial evidence and his history of making public statements regarding individuals involved in proceedings against him, including this Friday, all caps social media post “IF YOU GO AFTER ME, I’M COMING AFTER YOU!”. T has already directed his rhetoric at the special counsel heading the federal investigations. Republican rivals, long reluctant to anger the party’s pro-T base have been inching closer to criticism. In an interview today for Face the Nation, former Vice President M.P was asked if he would testify against his former commander in chief. And just a little while ago, special counsel J.S responded to that response asking the judge not to grant the delay, saying the government is ready to move forward. It’s the defendant who standing in the way.
