---
title: CBS Evening News 06.28.23
date: 2023-06-29 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with tens of millions of Americans facing another round of air quality alerts due to that heavy smoke from those Canadian wildfires. Residents across seventeen states from Iowa to New York to as far as south as the Carolinas are being urged to take cautions. Especially for those with underlying medical conditions. Some big cities are issuing warnings for people to limit their time outdoors or wear masks to minimize potential health risks. Elsewhere, brutal heat, is bearing down on more than a dozen states across the south. Today, about seventy-six million Americans experienced feels like temperatures above one hundred degrees. And in Texas, the extreme heat is causing roads to buckle. At least thirteen people have died. All this comes as long lines at US airports are finally starting to move again, following days of travel nightmares caused severe weather. 

As the air quality has worsen, some reporting and outdoor have been canceled as people try to avoid the unhealthy are coming from Canada. Thick smoke is once again choking the Midwest and Northeast. More than one hundred million people are under an air quality alert as the haze from these massive wildfires in Canada swallow up parts of the country. Chicago, Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland have unhealthy air conditions. In the west, the battle is on against the wildfires. 
