---
title: CBS Evening News 01.15.23
date: 2023-01-16 19:22:31
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, President B became the first sitting president to speak during a Sunday service at Atlanta’s historic E. Baptist Church, where Dr. M.L.K once served as pastor. Speaking to parishioners, the president reiterated a theme he called on before, redeeming the soul of America. A dream in which we all deserve liberty and justice. And it’s still the task of our time to make that dream a reality because it’s not there yet. But in our nation’s capital, the president faces political nightmares. This weekend’s disclosure that more classified documents had been found is powering Republican plans for investigations. 

Well, questions are still swirling here in Washington about the handling, or mishandling of classified materials, one day after the White House says five more pages were discovered. President J.B ignored questions while boarding Air Force One Sunday as the drumbeat grows louder for him to answer for the classified documents discovered at his Delaware residence. On Saturday, White House attorney R.S said the additional pages were found on Thursday and given to the Justice Department. The discovery came just hours after Attorney General M.G appointed former U.S attorney R.H as special counsel. White House officials maintain they’re handling the legal matters by the book. But House Republicans have launched investigation of their own into how this happened, asking the White House for visitor logs from the Wilmington residency and pouncing on what they call a double standard comparing to the DOJ’s probe to the former President T. 
