---
title: CBS Evening News 02.26.23
date: 2023-02-27 20:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, more than ten million people from Texas to Missouri are threatened by severe and dangerous weather. Oklahoma could see the worse of it with thunderstorms forecast to bring destructive winds as powerful as category two hurricane. Tornadoes are possible. The same storm system impacted southern California this weekend. Look at those pictures, a mix of misery and it’s not over. 

It has been tough. California is getting a small break, but is bracing for more snow and rain to come later on this week. This tree behind me fell on Friday. And it’s still here showing just how much need to clean up there still is. Road shut down due to rockslides, apartment rent tag deemed unsafe to live in due to toppled trees, and major freeways closed because of heavy snow went dangerous ice. California gets a temporary break to assess damage before another storm slams the state. The rains have been relentless and prompted several swift water rescues including this one in Pasadena. About thirty miles north in Santa Clarita, RV owners are keeping a close eye on their homes after a cliff collapsed sending three into the river below. Heavy snow in some areas up to six feet stranded many including on California’s Grapevine, the major artery connecting southern and northern part of the Golden State, smaller highways were also impassable. The freezing storm left many shivering and surprised to see snow in such normally sunny spot of San Diego and Los Angeles. 
