---
title: CBS Evening News 11.05.23
date: 2023-11-06 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin this Sunday with Israel’s siege of Gaza and its war on Hamas. Tonight, CIA Director W.B is in Israel, part of a new push by the B administration to engage leaders in the region and to keep the war from spreading amid rising outrage over civilian deaths in the Palestinian territory. Burns joined Secretary of State A.B, already there. Today B made stops to Bagdad as well as the West Bank city of Ramallah where he held what’s being described as a tense meeting with Palestinian leader M.A. And tonight, the Israeli army said it’s “significant airstrikes and land assault had essentially split the Palestinian territory in two”. 

And we’ve had Hamas retaliate with rockets of their own tonight here in Tel-Aviv. As for Gaza, Israel keeps shattering buildings and lives in its mission to destroy Hamas. Shock in Gaza City. An Israeli fighter jet struck this ambulance convoy claiming Hamas fighters who were inside. Men and women laid in their own pools of blood outside the strip’s biggest hospital, Al-Shifa. Israel also hit Gaza’s Jabalia refugee camp, the third time in five days, targeting more militants and infrastructures. In the aftermath, this anguished boy said he carry out dead bodies, including one decapitated. And in the Maghazi refugee camp, Hamas says another Israeli strike killed at least thirty-eight people and injured hundred more. This photojournalist carried his dead child, one of four he lost, along with four brothers and their children. Israel claims Hamas uses civilians as human shields, today releasing video, purportedly of rocket launcher pits in Gaza next to a children swimming pool and playground. And new video of Israeli police October 7th finding only dead bodies on the grass and behind the bar, riddled with bullets at the Nova music festival. In Tel-Aviv, new protests this weekend against Prime Minister B.N as anger grows in Israel at political and security leaders for last month’s deadly attack by Hamas. Many in the crowd marching toward his house chanting “jail now”. Outside the Defense Ministry, thousands demanded that all be done to bring the two hundred plus hostages held by Hamas home. 
