---
title: CBS Evening News 01.05.23
date: 2023-01-06 19:31:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is promising news from doctors about Buffalo Bill’s safety D.H. They say today marks a really turning point in his recovery. Plus, that Republican revolt in the House of Representatives continues for the third straight day as a small group of members hold K.M’s speakership hostage. But first, we have so many new details in the murders of four University of Idaho students, it was this affidavit was released today and it reviews how police identified the suspect, twenty-eight-year-old B.K. Police say they found this DNA on a knife sheath, which investigators believe is connected to the murder weapon. Police also revealing today, they identified the suspect by tracking his car on surveillance cameras. Today, K made his first court appearance in Idaho to face four charges of first degree murder in the stabbing deaths. 

Tonight, many questions were answered. Some people may have thought the case gone cold but it turns out police were tracking the suspect for a very long time. We are also learning how investigators connected K to the scene. K smiled at his court-attorney and appeared calm as gruesome new details were revealed about how he may have stalked the victims and how police tracked him down through DNA, phone records and a witness. In a court document released today, police say DNA from trash obtained from K’s home in Pennsylvania matched DNA on a knife sheath found next one to a victim’s body. Also in the document, a roommate identified as D.M told police she thought she heard K.G say “there’s someone here” around 4 A.M. M told police after hearing someone crying and a man saying something to the effect “It’s okay, I’m going to help you”. She opened her door and saw a figure clad in black clothing and a mask covered the person’s mouth and nose walking towards her. 
