---
title: CBS Evening News 03.31.23
date: 2023-04-01 19:08:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A massive storm system is unleashing violent tornadoes, and the threat is going to continue into the night. Nearly sixty million Americans on alert across twelve states now under tornado watches or warnings, with a number of twisters already touching down from Little Rock, Arkansas to Des Moines, Iowa. This enhanced storm risk is the largest ever issued by the National Weather Service. And it stretches from the deep south to the upper Midwest. Governor S.H has just declared a state of emergency in Arkansas. In Little Rock, a catastrophic tornado ripped apart homes and flipped cars. 

A massive tornado touched down in North Little Rock, Arkansas late this afternoon, packing powerful winds and dumping heavy rain as it blew through the area moving fifty miles per hour. At least two dozen people have been hospitalized. The storm left behind homes in tatters, scattering debris for several blocks, downed powerlines and snapped tree limbs that fell on passing cars. As the storm cleared, some residents were in shock. Look at the woods back here. To the North in Iowa, another violent tornado struck near Iowa City with high winds and large quarter-size hail. While in Rolling Fork, Mississippi today, President B met with residents who are still recovering after an EF-4 tornado ripped through this community seven days ago. In addition to Arkansas state emergency, the National Guard has been activated to help the Little Rock. And there could still be plenty more devastation to come. There have already been almost a dozen tornado warnings here in Iowa, including here in Davenport, as this nearly nine hundred miles long system approaches east.
