---
title: CBS Evening News 01.04.23
date: 2023-01-05 19:59:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Republicans are deadlocked in disarrayed House of Representatives over the battle for a new speaker. Make no mistake, what we are witnessing is historic. Some Republican lawmakers tonight accusing far right members of holding the people’s businesses hostage as they voted over and over to reject leader M for Speaker of the House. Plus, tonight, there is new information and new video of the suspect on the brutal killings of those four University of Idaho students. But first, a major storm known as atmosphere river is dropping mass amounts of rain across California to the Oregon border. Sandbags are in short supplies across northern California. The mother of nature could drop more than ten inches of rain in some areas. The governor today declaring a state of emergency and driver is warned to stay off the roads as flood waters could quickly turn into a life-threatening situation. 

Tonight, already wind gust reaching thirty miles per hour. They could end up more than double when the worst of the storm hits later on tonight. It will last more than twenty-four hours. Rain will be the biggest threat. And with roadways already flooded like this, meteorologists are warning it will be brutal and could be deadly. California has already endured a pounding and it’s about to get even worse. In Sacramento County, there is a race to repair breached levees. Today, state officials issued a dare warning. The jet stream now stretching through the pacific all the way to Indonesia. The amount of water funneling straight into California up to fifteen times the flow at the mouth of the Mississippi river. The problem, the ground is so saturated that any rain could cause immediate flooding. In San Francisco, already battled record rainfall, the demand for sandbags is so high, the city has exhausted its supply. Still digging out, time running out. There is good news, more snow in California’s Sierra Nevada in the past decade. The snowpack, vital to its water supply, impacted by years of drought is now one hundred and seventy percent of average. But below the mountains, a muddy mess. And tonight, crews are really working against the clock to repair what they say are five breaks to the levee system. They do not believe they will be able to fix them before the storm arrives. 
