---
title: CBS Evening News 06.19.23
date: 2023-06-20 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with some breaking news in the desperate search for a small submersible that disappeared while taking a crew of five people to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean to view the Titanic shipwreck. The search area is located about seven hundred twenty miles from Halifax, Nova Scotia, where the wreckage sits about thirteen thousand feet below the surface. Coast guard officials say the twenty-two-foot submersible carries enough oxygen for about four days. Now, among the five people on board, according to family members, is explorer and British billionaire H.H. The last communication from the vessel was Sunday morning. 

It is a race against time to find the submersible and those on board after a loss of communication an hour and forty-five minutes into its two-and-a-half-mile deep dive into the North Atlantic to see the haunting wreckage of the Titanic. The sub only carries around ninety-six hours worth of oxygen. And its crew, which is understood to include British Billionaire H.H hasn’t been heard from in over a day now. The US Coast Guard is leading multi-national search. OceanGate only started making deep sea expedition with tourists in 2021. A CSBN Sunday Morning team also made the journey to the ocean floor, which costs adventure tourists $250,000. At one point, the crew realized something was wrong. The RMS Titanic began it maiden and final voyage from Britain to New York in 1912. It was the largest passenger ship on earth at the time after it struck an iceberg and sank more than fifteen hundred people onboard were killed. Maritime experts are already warning conditions deep in the Atlantic are hard to predict and any attempt at a rescue for those trapped will be extremely difficult. 
