---
title: CBS Evening News 04.24.23
date: 2023-04-24 19:53:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with a major shake up in the media landscape as the most watched cable network, the conservative Fox News has abruptly parted ways with its top-rated anchor T.C. The stunning news could ripple through American politics as T.C is considered one of the most influential voices in the Republican party. And it comes just six days after Fox agreed to pay nearly eight hundred million dollars for making false claims about Dominion Voting Systems. C is at the center of the false rigging claims following the 2020 election as well as a new discrimination lawsuit filed by a former producer for alleging a hostile and discriminatory work environment. Shares of Fox Corporation dropped 3% on the news. And CNN has fired its longtime host D.L after seventeen years at the network. The embattled morning show co-host faced backlash after saying women in their fifties were past their prime. 

C’s controversial comments over the years led many advertisers to flee at times. But some of his rhetoric would have obviously got him fired at many media companies but his rating soared, which brought Fox News a lot of money and brought him more air time until now. That was T.C, signing off on Friday. This morning, the highest rated prime time anchor at Fox News was told he was leaving the network according to the New York Times. Fox made the announcement on air and noted in a statement that his last show was Friday. There was no comment from C. The LA Times reported Fox Corporation CEO R.M personally made the call to oust C. He is currently involved in a lawsuit filed by his former senior producer A.G. C’s departure comes less than a week after Fox agreed to settle a historic defamation lawsuit with Dominion Voting Systems for over seven hundred eighty-seven million dollars. Text messages revealed in court documents show C privately criticizing Fox guests former President D.T and one directed at Fox management that said “those efforts are destroying our credibility”. Murdoch was also reportedly upset with C’s coverage on the Jan 6th attack. He claimed it was provoked by government agents. The fifty-three-old has gone relatively unchecked for years, making controversial comments about race and immigration. 
