---
title: CBS Evening News 11.26.23
date: 2023-11-27 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the latest developments in the Middle East. Hamas is now seeking to extend the four-day temporary truce set to expired Monday. It follows the third exchange of hostages for Palestinian prisoners. Today, the first Americans hostage was released, a four-year-old-girl. Of the seventeen hostages returned to Israel Sunday, these images are reunions and relief just a portion of the two hundred and forty hostages seized by Hamas. As part of the truce deal, aid is flowing into Gaza. Israel says two hundred trucks entered the territory today through the crossing with Egypt. Also in Gaza, Prime Minister B.N visited Israeli troops, vowing to fight Hamas quote “until victory”. In London, tens of thousands demonstrated against antisemitism. The rally coming amid a steep rise in hate crimes. For now, a noticeable change in Gaza, the longest break in fighting since Oct.7th.

After fifty-one days in captivity, four-year-old American Israeli A.E is finally freed with President B saying she had endured the unthinkable. A sea of Israeli flags greeted the minibuses carrying the latest hostages released from Gaza. This third wave of captives, let go as part of the deal between Israel and Hamas was the smoothest exchange yet and included the first American. Four-year-old A.E. In a statement, her family said there was, quote “no words” to express the relief and gratitude at her release. Both E’s mother and father were killed by Hamas gunman on Oct.7th, and she will now be cared by relatives. 
