---
title: CBS Evening News 06.25.23
date: 2023-06-26 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with that fallout from the rebellion against Russian President V.P and his military officials. Tonight, the whereabouts of P’s former ally Y.P are unknown. Kremlin officials say he is headed to Belarus and will not face any consequences for publicly criticizing P’s war strategy. P blames P for a missile strike on his own mercenary soldiers in Ukraine. As a result, the sixty-two-year-old advanced his men in an armed revolt towards Moscow, making it to within one hundred and fifty miles of the capital before backing down. Ukrainian President V.Z had this message for P, claiming the man from the Kremlin is quote “very afraid and probably hiding somewhere”. On social media, Z touted a positive and inspiring conversation with President B adding that the world must keep pressure on P. 

The events in Russia played out like a movie. It had a whole cast of characters and an ending of many didn’t anticipate. Residents cheered Wagner fighters as they left the Russian city of Rostov. From the hero’s farewell, it would be hard to tell the mercenaries failed in their mutiny. The group’s leader Y.P smiled and posted for selfies on his way out. Some greeted the returning Russian authorities less warmly, hurling insults. For hours, the world watched Wagner forces march toward Moscow. Social media tracked every update of their advance. Russian authorities locked down the capital. And with Kremlin’s focus elsewhere, Ukraine seized the opportunity launching major assaults along the front. Troops cleared Russian trenches near Bakhmut while Ukrainian soldiers rained down artillery on their positions. It was the war in Ukraine that sparked the rebellion in Russia. P accused the Russian military of killing his men with a missile strike, a claim Russian Defense officials denied. His men quickly seized Rostov, home of Russia’s southern military headquarters before advancing for Moscow. A furious President V.P went on state TV to call for P a traitor. But with Wagner troops knocking on Moscow’s gates, the Kremlin cut a deal. Wagner troops would be pardoned and returned to their bases. Criminal charges against P would be dropped and he would go into exile in Belarus, whose leader brokered the agreement. 
