---
title: CBS Evening News 03.08.23
date: 2023-03-09 19:27:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, what the FDA is saying about a nationwide shortage of Adderall, and how it’s impacting patients. Plus, ahead of March Madness meet the Rutgers player who traveled halfway around the world to live the American dream. But first, the federal government is stepping in monitoring the police department of a large American city. The Department of Justice report found that police in Louisville, Kentucky, regularly violated the constitutional rights of Black people. The investigation was prompted by the fatal shooting of B.T by police in 2020. It’s one of nearly a dozen DOJ investigations of police departments across the country. The Justice Department also announced it will review the use of force by the Memphis Police Department following the recent deadly beating of T.N.

This report is really stunning. It slams the Louisville Police Department for what it calls the culture of racial discrimination, claiming some of its officers leave some of their most brutal tactics for Blacks. The scathing DOJ report concluded that the Louisville Metro Police Department doesn’t always protect and serve, but instead often disrespected the people it is sworn to protect. Among the investigation’s findings, officers treat Blacks and Whites differently while driving Blacks in nearly four times as likely to be cited for improperly tinted windows and five times more for improper tags. The abuses extend to treatment of the disabled and even sex assault victims. The report also said that officers often use excessive force such as neck restraints, canines and tasers. The DOJ investigation was prompted by the death of B.T who was killed in her own home by police officers who were executing a no-knock search warrant on the wrong location in March of 2020. Currently, there are eleven open DOJ investigations of police departments or units nationwide. Among them, Minneapolis added in the wake of G.F’s death. Today, the Justice Department adding Memphis following T.N’ death two months ago.  
