---
title: CBS Evening News 03.19.23
date: 2023-03-20 20:11:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
US presidential history could be made, that’s if former President D.T is indicted by Manhattan Grand Jury following investigation into hush money paid for alleged sexual encounter with S.D. In social media post this weekend, Mr. T referred to the allegations as old and fully debunked. He also implored supporters to save America calling on them to protest, protest, protest. 

Well, the former president predicted that he would be arrested on Tuesday. His team says that’s based off of media reports and that from Manhattan district attorney office. D.T was greeted with cheers at the NCAA wrestling championship in Tulsa, Oklahoma last night, his first public appearance since predicting his arrest and calling his supporters to protest. A Manhattan Grandy Jury is investigating the alleged hush money payment T made to adult film star S.D days before 2016 presidential election. T denies any wrongdoing, and Sunday, Republicans rushed to defense. T also faces criminal investigations in Georgia and Washington, accused of trying to avoid overturn the results of the 2020 election, and the Justice Department has been presenting evidence before a grand jury, investigating hundreds of classified documents found at T Florida estate. 
