---
title: CBS Evening News 08.25.23
date: 2023-08-26 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with what may become the enduring image of the forty fifth president of the United States, D.T. He made history last night as the first American president to have his mugshot taken after being booked on charges at the Fulton County jail in Atlanta. He was released twenty minutes later. He is the Republican frontrunner for the 2024 nomination and is using his booking photo to raise money for his campaign, rallying supporters following his fourth indictment this year. In this case, all of T’s eighteen co-defendants have now surrendered to authorities on charges of attempting to overturn the results of the 2020 election in Georgia. The formal arraignments for all nineteen defendants are expected to begin the first week in September. 

It has been another dramatic day of developments with one defendant denied bond late today and ordered back into custody after jail. By noon Friday, the last of T’s co-defendants turned themselves in to the Fulton County jail including former Justice Department official J.C who has accused of drafting a false letter to Georgia officials about the 2020 election. The final two to surrender, S.L and T.K, an ex-publicist for rapper K.W. Both are accused of intimidating election worker R.F. Thursday, former President was escorted into the jail for processing, getting a mugshot and an inmate number. He was recorded with at an eyebrow-raising six foot three and two hundred fifteen pounds with blond or strawberry hair. The former president got help from a local bail bond company to post his two hundred thousand dollars bond. T’s campaign starts to selling mugshot merchandise and after being banned from Twitter following the January 6th attack, T returned to the platform now known as X for the first time with a fund-raising appeal. President B, who tweeted out his own fund-raising plea as T was being arrested, was asked about the mugshot. The former President and his eighteen co-defendants could face arraignment early next month. District Attorney F.W has proposed a court date of October 23, 2023 after defendant K.C asked for a speedy trial. A judge granted the request for him, but T’s legal team says it’s opposed. 
