---
title: CBS Evening News 11.28.23
date: 2023-11-29 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the nation’s goodbye to former First Lady R.C. Hundreds were in attendance for a powerful memorial service in Atlanta. Ninety-nine-year-old, former President J.C made a rare public appearance to pay his respects to his beloved wife. Remember, they were together for more than ¾ of the century. President B and First Lady sat right there on the front row with former President B.C and all the living former First Ladies on this second day of a three-day tribute to her life and legacy. The Georgia native and devout Christian was remembered for her love of family, her humanitarian work and her tireless dedication of others. The trailblazing First Lady died last week at the age of ninety-six after battle with dementia. 

Family, friends, former presidents, all here and the only mystery going in was whether J.C would feel strong enough to join them, and he did. Inseparable once again, R.C and her husband J.C, the thirty-nineth president, a frail ninety-nine draped in a blanket embroidered with their images. She was Plains-born, Plains-spoken, from her days as first lady to a half-century of globetrotting as a voice for the voiceless. The Carters shared a great American love story, married for seventy-seven years. Tomorrow’s funeral will be small and private. R.C will be buried in Plains on the family property. 
