---
title: CBS Evening News 09.12.23
date: 2023-09-13 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with breaking news right here in Washington and the impeachment inquiry of President B. Speaker of the House K.M claims House investigators have uncovered a quote, “culture of corruption” surrounding the president and his family. The demands for the review. The White House called today’s actions politically motivated and several Republicans have produced no evidence of wrongdoing. Now, this is taking place as M is facing mounting pressure from the right wing of his own party along with the deadline to pass a spending bill before October 1st in order to avoid a government shut down. Now, all this and the 2024 presidential election is just around the corner. 

This is a significant escalation in the GOP impeachment effort, and tonight, the House Speaker is urging the President B to cooperate with this new inquiry. The White House insists the facts don’t justify this move, and a number of Republicans appear to agree. The announcement was a reversal for House Speaker M, who just two weeks ago said he would not launch an impeachment inquiry unless he had the votes for it. But M was facing mounting pressure from conservatives who threaten to sink his speakership if he didn’t act. To lead the new inquiry, M tapped three House chairs who have already been probing the B family’s foreign business dealings. A White House spokesman noted today House Republicans have been investigating the President for nine months and they’ve turned up no evidence of wrongdoing. Back in 2019, M warned his predecessor, N.P, that launching an impeachment inquiry into President T without holding a vote first would create a process completely devoid of any merit or legitimacy. But, with his party divided, any vote today would likely have failed. In the Senate, several Republicans were skeptical today that the inquiry would go anywhere. But House Conservatives argued the move will give them access to key family documents they don’t have now. A White House official who we speak with today pointed out that the House has actually already subpoenaed and received twelve thousand pages of bank records, and without a formal vote it’s not clear that simply announcing this inquiry will give the House more authority to investigate that it had already. 
