---
title: CBS Evening News 01.03.22
date: 2023-01-04 21:05:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is political chaos in the House of Representatives unlike anything we’ve seen in century after the new Congress adjourns on day one without a new speaker. Plus, the ongoing weather threats, snow, ice and at least a dozen tornadoes have already been reported. But we do want to begin tonight with terrifying scene in Cincinnati before B.B safety D.H collapsed following a tackle. H tonight still in critical condition. His family, in their first statement are asking please keep D in your prayers. In an emotional display, players from both teams surrounded H, you can see the tears on the faces of some of his teammates. Now, outside the hospital, Bills and Bengals fans gathered together to show support. The game was postponed and the NFL tonight says the game will not be played this week. Also, in a show of support from the country, H two years ago had created this GoFundMe for his Chasing M’s Foundation, which helps kids in his hometown in Pittsburgh. Well, his goal back then was twenty-five hundred dollars. We can report tonight it is now at five million dollars and growing. 

D.H’s uncle says that his nephew’s heart stopped twice, once on the field and the again here at the hospital. But, Doctors at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center have provided any updates. Late Monday, the team said H suffered a cardiac arrest. The game was suspended and eventually postponed, a first for the league. The NFL says their emergency medical plan worked. The league says at every game there are critical care doctors and nearby trauma centers standing by. 
