---
title: CBS Evening News 08.19.23
date: 2023-08-20 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with hurricane Hilary, it’s expected to hit southern California tomorrow with more than forty million people in its path. The big storm is packing potentially devastating punch, prompting the first ever tropical storm watches in the west coast. Today people rushed to stock up on household essentials and sandbags to protect their homes. Storm preparations are underway here in Seal Beach where a mile-long berm has been constructed to protect homes. The focus, keeping people and property out of harm’s way. Lightning strikes light up San Diego, sounding the alarm for what’s predicted to come as Hilary speeds its way towards the southwest. The storm is barreling north from Beja towards Southern California, putting many communities at high risk of excessive rain as much as ten inches what the national hurricane center calls catastrophic flooding. To dodge Hilary, one dozen Navy carriers and ships are being moved out of San Diego’s ports. The storm already being felt in California’s Mojave Desert along with Phoenix and Nevada. Las Vegas could see a record shattering four inches of rain. The threat of heavy downpours has many concerned that Southern California’s hillsides weakened by the massive winter storms could give away. If Hilary does make a landfall, it will be the first major tropical storm to hit southern California since 1939 when ninety people were killed. President B says FEMA personnel and supplies are ready to respond if needed. 
