---
title: CBS Evening News 03.26.23
date: 2023-03-27 19:43:04
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, several states in the southeast have taken a beating. Severe weather leaving a devastating and deadly mark. At least twenty-six people were killed after powerful tornadoes ripped through the Mississippi Delta. Today, President B declared a major disaster in the storm battered state and ordered federal funding for some counties. Tonight, nine million people are still at risks of severe weather. 

Thirteen people were killed here in Rolling Fork, a small community of about two thousand and they cannot catch a breath. It is raining. There is more storm that are going to be in the forecast. That is slowing down the cleanup effort. In Rolling Fork, Mississippi, the damage is widespread and in every direction. The deadly EF4 tornado with wind speed up to 170 miles per hour turn homes and businesses into piles of rubble. Instead of Sunday service, it’s a salvage mission for a local pastor. The tornado tore the roof off the chapel and smashed the bell tower. The storm left a one hundred- and seventy-miles path of destruction. They started in Mississippi then traveled east where hail hammered Alabama. And in Georgia, a pair of tornadoes battered the western part of the state leveling dozens of homes and prompting the governor to issue a state of emergency. Back in Rolling Fork, the pastor says may have destroyed the church, but not the spirit of congregation. Emergency shelters are opened to get people out of this weather. And there are crews from multiple states here helping trying to get people back on their feet. But FEMA says this recovery will take a long time. 
