---
title: CBS Evening News 10.26.23
date: 2023-10-27 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re in Lewiston, Maine, the scene of five hundred sixty fifth mass shooting in the US this year. With the FBI surrounded a home linked to the suspect in his hometown of Bowdoin. Police say they were executing a search warrant at the residence. Eighteen people were killed and more than a dozen others injured after a gunman opened fire inside a bowling alley and then in a nearby bar. Tonight, the suspect remained unknown, with the FBI joining state police in a search for forty-year-old R.C, who is considered armed and dangerous. Authorities are asking for help from the public in tracking down the Army reservist, who was hospitalized this summer for mental health issues including hearing voices. Tonight, heavily armed police surrounding a home in Bowdoin, Maine, as they search for the suspect behind the deadly mass shooting. Police on megaphone heard yelling “come out with your hands in the air”. It’s not clear who was inside the home, twenty four hours after last night’s massacre. Gunfire rang out shortly before 7 P.M. at Just-In-Time Recreation bowling alley, the first of two shooting scenes in Lewiston, Maine. Seven people were killed. Minutes later, at 7:08 P.M. frantic 911 calls began streaming in, with reports of an active shooter at Schemengees Bar and Grille, four miles away. Eight people there were found dead. More than a dozen people were injured in both shootings. Three victims later died at the hospital. 