---
title: CBS Evening News 11.18.23
date: 2023-11-19 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin this Saturday with the war between Israel and Hamas and more scenes of total chaos. Palestinian officials say two explosions killed dozens of civilians in the district of Jabalia. One of them at an UN-run school at a refugee camp. And in Israel, tens of thousands are marching to confront their government over the fight of hostages seized by Hamas. 

Well, for the hundreds of Palestinians who had to flee Gaza’s largest hospital they face a very uncertain futures as Israel’s deadly bombings across the besieged territory show no end, while tens of thousands Israeli have taken to the streets to demand their government do more to bring their loved ones being held hostage in Gaza home. Through Gaza city’s mangled streets, families, many with small children, run for their lives. Israel denies making the evacuation order, but as hundreds fled the medical facility, several holding makeshift white flags, Israeli sniper fire crackled nearby. Israel’s armed forces seized Al Shifa hospital earlier this week after accusing Hamas of running a command center beneath it, but has so far provided limited evidence calling into question Israel’s justification for targeting the largest hospital in Gaza, which now no longer functions. Most Palestinians have already fled south after seven weeks of nonstop Israeli strikes and many to their deaths. 
