---
title: CBS Evening News 05.18.23
date: 2023-05-18 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are new details in the investigation of the deadly shooting rampage in Farmington, New Mexico. Police just this afternoon releasing bodycam video of the encounter with the eighteen-year-old gunman as he opened fire seemingly at random. Those killed included a ninety-seven-year-old mother and her seventy-three-year-old daughter. The third person killed was a seventy-nine-year-old mother of five who had been married for fifty-seven years. The gunman wore body armor and had an arsenal of weapons at his home, using three during the attack. Authorities also say they found a handwritten note on his body. The police chief described Monday’s shooting as sounding like out of a war zone. 

Body cameras captured the chaos as Farmington police and other law enforcement officers confronted the gunman, who police say had just fired more than one hundred and forty rounds from an AR-15 rifle. The shots missed one officer but hit Farmington Police Sergeant R.D. She’s hit in the pelvis and tries to run for cover as shots fly through the air. Within shots, officers are helping D and are taking aim at the suspect. Other surveillance video shows innocent victims driving unknowingly into the line of fire. Other drivers speed in reverse to safety. Last night, the small community of Farmington remembered the three women who died. The suspect legally bought the AR-15 last November, just a month after he turned eighteen. The handguns he got from family members. Police also confirmed to us, and you can hear on one of the videos, the suspect is yelling “kill me” at the officers. As far as what pushed him to the edge or a motive, we still don’t know. 
