---
title: CBS Evening News 09.14.23
date: 2023-09-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with breaking news. A federal grand jury in Delaware indicting H.B on three-gun charges. The president’s youngest son could face up to twenty-five years in prison if he is found guilty of the felony counts, all stemming from his purchase of a firearm at a time when he was using drugs. Special Counsel D.W alleges B lied about his addiction on paperwork and illegally obtained a gun. Per the ATF, it is against the law for a user of certain controlled substances, including cocaine to possess a firearm. Today’s news comes less than two months after a plea agreement between H.B and federal prosecutors fell apart after the judge refused to sign off on it. 

This is an extraordinary situation for Attorney General whose department is prosecuting the leading candidate for the GOP nomination. Former President D.T and the president’s son at the same time who is facing new legal jeopardy. The three felony counts H.B faces stemmed from his possession of a handgun in October 2018 identified a court record as a Colt Cobra thirty-eight special revolver. The president’s son is accused of making a false and fictitious statement about his drug use on a federal gun form into a firearms dealer. The third count alleges he did knowingly possess a firearm while on drugs. H.B has openly admitted his past struggle with addiction as he told CBS Sunday Morning. And while the president had no comment about his son today, he has long defended him. 
