---
title: CBS Evening News 05.01.23
date: 2023-05-02 19:41:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with some breaking news. At least six people are dead and dozens more injured after massive pileup on Interstate fifty-five in South Central Illinois. Police say dozens of passenger vehicles and thirty commercial vehicles, including several semi-trucks were involved in a devastating crash located about seventy-five miles. Parts of the interstate are shut down in both directions after vehicles burst into flames following the collisions. 

A rare dust storms this morning turned deadly after blinded cars and trucks along the central Illinois highway slammed into each other. Strong winds blew dirt from nearby farms across the highway, creating near-zero visibility that led to accidents on both the north and southbound sides. Smashed-up vehicles, some on fire and smoking, littered the highway for two miles. More than thirty people were taken into the hospitals. Up to ninety vehicles were involved. Two truck tractor semi-trailers have caught fire as a result of the crash. Now I can tell you that you can still clearly see and feel the wind that caused this accident. They have been moving semis off the interstate. Injuries in this accident ranging from minor to life-threatening, with the victims as young as two and as old as eighty. This portion of Interstate Fifty-five shut down for at least the rest of the evening.
