---
title: CBS Evening News 03.02.23
date: 2023-03-03 18:47:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are going to take a look at the opioid crisis ravaging communities across the country. In our eye on America, school teachers are now enlisted to help save lives amid the rising number of teen fentanyl poisonings. Plus, our retirement series continues with a lesson on never giving up on your lifelong dream from a seventy-nine-year-old college senior. But first, there is breaking news, A.M is found guilty in murdering his wife and twenty-two-year-old son. The jury in the case deliberated for just about three hours. Now M faces thirty years to life in prison. Prosecutors say the disgraced South Carolina attorney killed his wife and youngest son to distract from his mounting financial crimes and drug addiction. 

The jury deliberated for only three hours as A.M was handcuffed in courtroom. He looked back at his surviving son B who was there. He would not make eye contact with his father. Silently standing, A.M stared straight ahead as the jury read its verdict finding him guilty of murdering his wife and son as well as two charges of possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime. After nearly six weeks of testimony that captivated the world, it took the jury just three hours to convict M despite no witnesses and investigators never finding a murder weapon or bloody clothes. Earlier in the day, defense attorney J.G argued the police investigation was sloppy. 
