---
title: CBS Evening News 01.08.23
date: 2023-01-09 21:23:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news on several fronts tonight. New storms threaten life and property in California. And President B faced sharp criticism today during his visit to the southern border. But we begin in Brazil. Tonight, authorities announced they are in control of the country’s national congress, supreme court and presidential palace. Those places were stormed by a mob of thousands today. Supporters of former far-right President J.B refused to accept his election defeat. They broke through barricades and battled police in the capital Brasilia. They even demanded the military oust the new democratically elected President L.I.L. He condemned today’s events as a fascist attack. In a video posted to social media. The mob you seen right there attacking a police officer on horseback, pulling him to the ground. No more yet on his condition. B, meanwhile, has made unfounded claims, the election was stolen. He left Brazil for Florida in late December. Well, to California now, tonight bracing for a new round of powerful storms. The first roaring ashore late tonight. The extreme weather already claiming lives and now threatening millions more. 

The relentless storms are now to blame for at least seven deaths across the state. Tonight, while the clouds move in, new fears as California sits in the path of serious cyclones. 
