---
title: CBS Evening News 10.07.23
date: 2023-10-08 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, Israel battled to repel a surprise invasion of its territory after Palestinian militants launched highly-coordinated attacks from Gaza. Thousands of rockets were fired into Israel as gunman infiltrated several border towns and bases, kidnapping civilians and soldiers. Israel’s Prime Minister B.N declared the country was, quote, “at war”. He said their enemy would pay an unprecedented price. Israel warplane took aim at Gaza. Among the targets hit, this high rise which was reduced to rubble. Hundreds have been killed on both sides and it is a sharp escalation of violence for a region that bears the scars of centuries of conflict. 

Tonight, a fresh wave of rockets has hit Tel-Aviv with the Israel military saying it’s saying in twenty-two locations as the government confirms over two hundred and fifty Israelis are now dead, at least sixteen hundred injured, and an unknown number remain in captivity. The question many Israelis are asking now is, how? How was Hamas able to carry out such a massive attack? Remember, Israel arguably has the most powerful and best-funded intelligence agencies in the Middle-East. It spends millions to secure its border fence with Gaza to prevent something like this from happening. And yet, Hamas fighters were able to carry out such a catastrophic attack. As for Hamas, what it’s calling operation Al-Aqsa Flood will not doubt see the death toll in Gaza spiral as Israel continues to retaliate. So far, at least one hundred and ninety eight Palestinians have been killed and over sixteen hundred wounded in the series of strikes according to the territory’s ministry of health, as armed Palestinian groups in the occupied West Bank have vowed tonight to join Hamas in its ongoing assault. And while the Israeli leadership is vowing to inflict, quote, “unprecedented price on Hamas”, this is uncharted territory for Israel, which now finds itself in a full-scale war. 
