---
title: CBS Evening News 05.04.23
date: 2023-05-05 18:52:38
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with some breaking news right here in Washington with one of the most serious cases to come out of January 6th attack on the US Capitol. Four members of far-right extremist the Proud Boys including its former President were found guilty of numerous felonies including seditious conspiracy. A federal jury convicted the four of plotting the attack on the Capitol as part of its bid to keep D.T in the White House and prevent the peaceful transfer of power to then elected J.B. They each face decades in prison. The convictions are seen as a major victory of the Department of Justice as part of largest criminal investigation in American history. 

This was the longest and largest trial to emerge from January 6th for four months. Prosecutors put members of far-right Proud Boys front in center that day, saying they did so in defense of a president they wanted to keep in office even it meant violence. It was one of the darkest days in American history. And federal prosecutors cast the five Proud Boys as leaders of the mob responsible assembling a fighting force of one hundred members that considered themselves D.T’s army. Marching straight to the Capitol that morning is then-president T was speaking, some of them the first to break through police barricades. The jury convicted four of the five, including former one-time leader E.T of seditious conspiracy, plotting to overthrow the government and several other charges. The fifth D.P, who used a police riot shield to smash a Capitol window and lead rioters inside was convicted of obstructing an official proceeding. T, a one-time aide to T ally R.S was found guilty even though he wasn't even in Washington on the 6th, directing his colleagues remotely from a Baltimore hotel. That night he messaged them, "Make no mistake, we did this". Legally experts say T's conviction in particular will impact Special Counsel J.S's probe into D.T.