---
title: CBS Evening News 03.07.23
date: 2023-03-08 19:44:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the downtowns in despair in cities across the country. Our report on how work from home is hurting small business. Plus, we’ve got a CBSN exclusive, a historic interview. We sat down with America’s highest-ranking female military officers to talk about facing discrimination with determination. But first, two of the four Americans who were kidnapped in Mexico were found dead today, while the other two are back in the US getting medical treatment. L.M, a thirty-three-year-old mother of five children, was making a second trip to the country for a cosmetic surgery.

Two of the victims are back on American soil, recovering at this hospital behind me while the US government is working to get back the other bodies of the other two victims. Now we talked to the wife of one of the survivors. And she told us family is still in shock. Two Americans who survived being caught in a shootout and kidnapped by cartel gunmen, were taken into hospital in Brownville, Texas today. Mexican authorities L.M and E.W at a stash house outside the city of Matamoros after gunmen moved them to multiple locations to avoid capture. It was the end of a road trip for cosmetic surgery, M, W with their close friends S.W and Z.B traveled last week from South Carolina to Matamoros so M could have cosmetic surgery. This video shows the moment when they were kidnapped at gunpoint after being caught in a shootout between rival cartel gangs, W and B were killed. Traveling abroad for medicine and medical procedures is common more than a million Americans traveled to Mexico for health tourism last year, spending about two hundred and fifty million dollars. Thirty years old W, a husband and father, was shot in the leg, but is expected to survive. CBSN has learned that M had been to Mexico before for a cosmetic surgery. Investigators are pointing the blame at the Gulf cartel for this incident, while Mexican authorities have announced that they’ve arrested a twenty-four-year-old in connection with this attack. 
