---
title: CBS Evening News 04.11.23
date: 2023-04-12 22:23:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We do want to begin with breaking news from Louisville, Kentucky where police just released chilling and disturbing body camera video showing officers responding to the deadly mass shooting inside a bank and taking out the killer. Overnight, a fifth victim died. Of the eight other wounded, three are still in the hospital including a rookie officer who was shot in the head. In an emotional news conference today, the mayor of Louisville said his city is shaken, scarred, and angry. A surgeon spoke of his wariness from treating so many guns shot victims. For the victims inside the bank, a staggering one hundred and seventy units of blood were used to treat them. And we also learned today that AR-15 style rifle that was used in the attack, like all confiscated guns in Kentucky were likely be auctioned off the public and under current law, could eventually ended up back on the street. 

The police bodycam and bystander video show the harrowing moment as the first police officers arrived at the bank behind me to try to take down the shooter, seemingly waiting in the front lobby after killing coworkers in what police say was a targeted attack. Newly released bodycam footage shows officers confronting the gunman as they tried to enter the Louisville bank where he shot and killed coworkers. Just three minutes after the first calls cane into 911. He immediately shot officer N.W. Police say Officer C.G was shot head on and rolled down the steps. Cell phone video shows G taking cover trying to find a clear shot, before finally killing the shooter in the front lobby at the bank. Police have searched the shooter’s home and recovered several items but are still investigating his motive. The gunman killed five of his colleagues. As tributes to the victims grow, so is the feeling here that gun violence has to end. Louisville Mayor says forty people have already been killed by gun violence in the city this year. 
