---
title: CBS Evening News 09.21.23
date: 2023-09-22 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with breaking news and a fatal bus crash involving a high school band in New York. Police say at least two adults are dead including a band director. Dozens injured and five students tonight are in critical conditions. The charter bus went off the interstate tumbling down an embankment about forty-five miles northwest of New York City. Images from the scene show the bus on its side, with its windows smashed out. Forty students and four adults were on the bus. Everyone taken to the hospital, some airlifted. While the marching band, including cheerleaders were heading to a band camp in Pennsylvania, the bus, a part of a caravan who watched their classmates crash, while the rest of the students, they headed back to their high school. 

The students were supposed to arrive to the camp in Greely, Pennsylvania, around 2:00 PM, according to a schedule post on their website. Instead, the bus some of them were traveling on plunged off the road just forty minutes before making it there. And police say a preliminary investigation shows that failure of a front tire may have contributed to the crash. Debris littered the scene along this New York interstate where a bus, chartered by the Farmingdale High school band landed in ravine after rolling down an embankment just outside Wawayanda, two hours northwest of New York City. The vehicle was part of a six-bus caravan of three hundred people heading to a band camp in Pennsylvania. Dozens of first responders rushed to the scene just after one 1:30 PM, forced to use ladders to rescue victims as the bus teetered among treetops. Some of the injured were pulled through windows. Crews also scoured the woods to find anyone who may have been ejected. There were forty-four passengers on the bus, forty students and four adults. At this time, we have two confirmed fatalities, both adults and several serious injurious including five critical. Traffic was shut down for hours, and tonight officials say it is unclear how the bus careened out of control. The National Transportation Safety Board will send a team here to investigate. They are expected to arrive on scene by tomorrow morning. The high school tells us it’s trying to reunite students with their parents now and some students told us earlier that this is so devastating, it’s something they never expected could have happened. 
