---
title: CBS Evening News 03.06.23
date: 2023-03-07 20:47:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, nearly two dozen people are facing domestic terrorism charges after violence erupted at the planned site of a police training center currently under construction outside of Atlanta. Police say a group threw rocks, bricks and Molotov cocktails during the coordinated attack. Plus, tonight we’ll remember rock guitar legend G.R, the last surviving cofounder of Lynyrd Skynyrd. But first, the urgent search for four Americans citizens kidnapped at gunpoint in Mexico. The FBI is offering a fifty thousand dollar reward for the safe return of the Americans who were in Mexico to buy medicine but got caught in shootout. President B has been briefed and the State Department is working to secure their safe return. 

Tonight, there are reports that the missing Americans may have been targeted by mistake. The FBI is now assisting with the investigation. This is the moment four Americans were kidnapped in Matamoros, Mexico just across the border from Brownsville, Texas. They were travelling in this white minivan with North Carolina plates when they came under fire. The video appeared to show a woman forced into the back of a pickup truck by men with guns, then two others, who appear hurt, loaded next to her. The Mexican president says they were going to buy medicine, less expensive in Mexico as hundreds of thousand of Americans do each year and they could have been mistakenly targeted. The White House today saying it’s closely following the situation. Matamoros is under level 4, Do Not Travel advisory for the US State Department. The same threat level issued in Iraq, Iran and Afghanistan. The city of roughly half a million people has been home to warning factions of the Gulf drug cartel for decades. The crimes are often unreported, journalists fearing for their safety.  
