---
title: CBS Evening News 10.01.23
date: 2023-10-02 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight in Washington where President B is urging lawmakers to finish their work after Congress barely avoided a government shutdown this weekend. Funding was due to run out today but now be temporarily extended through the middle of next month. The bipartisan vote Saturday has angered some House Republicans with one GOP lawmaker pushing to oust Speaker K.M as soon as this week. 

The funding fight may be over for now, but the political infighting continues here on Capitol Hill. And President B says he has had enough. An exasperated President B blamed House Republicans for putting the federal government on the verge of shutdown. The president urged lawmakers to keep their commitment on aid to Ukraine after it was abruptly dropped from the final package. The stopgap measure only funds federal agencies for forty-five days through November 17th. And includes sixteen billion dollars in relief for communities hit by natural disasters. The bill passed the House and Senate late Saturday with overwhelming bipartisan support. The Congressman M.G blasted House Speaker K.M for working with Democrats. The Florida Republican accuses Speaker of reneging on a pledge to rein in spending and threatened a motion to remove him from the speakership this week. House Republicans were split on the potential move which will likely require support from Democrats. 
