---
title: CBS Evening News 08.27.23
date: 2023-08-28 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the FBI is investigating a deadly attack in Jacksonville, Florida. It’s where the police say a gunman shot and killed two Black shoppers and an employee because of their race. It happened Saturday. The masked white man was carrying at least one weapon bearing a swastika. The victims identified today, their ages range from nineteen to fifty-two. Today, President B denounced the attack saying “White supremacy has no place in America”.

A vigil is being held tonight near the scene, as today, we are getting a look at chilling surveillance video showing the moments just prior to the shooting. A mass shooting at Dollar General in a predominantly Black Jacksonville neighborhood was unquestionably motivated by race according to the city sheriff. Just released surveillance video shows the shooter holding a rifle as he entered the store on Saturday. Police say he wore bullet-resistant arm and used a handgun along with an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle to killed three black people inside. Today, investigators say the gunman, twenty-one-year-old R.P, obtained the weapons legally and issued racist statements before the shooting. Photos also show his weapons covered in Nazi symbols. The shooter first went to the nearby campus of historically Black Edward Waters University. A security guard there turned him away after he refused to identify himself before police say he went to the Dollar General. The sheriff told me the assailant left behind ramblings addressed to his parents, the media, and the FBI, but that those hate-filled messages do not represent the Jacksonville community. 
