---
title: CBS Evening News 07.07.23
date: 2023-07-08 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with those dangerous heat conditions sweeping the nation, more than ninety million Americans in thirty-three states are seeing temperatures above ninety-degrees, while forty-five million of you are experiencing feels-like temperatures in the triple digits. The southwest is in the midst of one of the longest heat waves on record. The Grand Canyon, State of Arizona is facing some of the most brutal conditions. The city of Phoenix was the hottest metro area in the US today, with the actual temperature reaching one hundred eleven degrees. Health officials in that region are urging caution. They’re advising people to remain indoors, wear light clothing, and, of course, check on family, and friends, and neighbors, especially the elderly. 

There is reason for concern. Heat-related deaths here in Maricopa County have more than doubled since 2019, hitting four hundred and twenty-five last year. Doctors say this kind of heat can become dangerous in as little as fifteen minutes. A border patrol helicopter raced to rescue two people in southern Arizona dangerously overcome by the desert’s searing heat. This newly released video shows medic being lowered to the man and woman, one drifting in and out of consciousness. They were hoisted into the chopper and transported to a Tucson area hospital, Monday. The Phoenix area is in the midst of a potentially historic heat waves. So far this year, forty-four days have topped a hundred degrees, the past eight over one ten. In Death Valley, California, a sixty-year-old man was found dead in his car the morning after the temperature hit 126. 
