---
title: CBS Evening News 12.20.23
date: 2023-12-21 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with new details about a major prisoner swap between the US and Venezuela. Ten Americans including several the US considered wrongfully detained were released from that South American country today in exchange for a close ally of Venezuela President N.M, a leader who himself is under US indictment for narco trafficking. As part of the deal, an American fugitive known as Fat L, who fled the country before being sentenced for his role in a bribery and corruption case will be sent back to the US to face justice. The deal is one step in President B’s latest effort to improve relations with M’s Venezuela after offering sanctions relief this fall. That country is the source of the largest migrant crisis in the western hemisphere directly impacting the US border. 

Last year, B administration sent a convicted murderer back to Russia in exchange for WNBA star B.G. This time, it was someone accused of money laundering. But ten Americans are now home and a big fugitive is back in custody. President B tonight heralding a deal that caps seven months of talks to get back detained Americans. Among the released, E.H, a public defender from Los Angeles who’d been detained since March, 2022, before his release, H sent a letter to the President’s asking for help and recorded this audio message obtained exclusively by CBSN. Also coming back to the US, L.F, widely known as Fat L who had been awaiting sentencing for overseeing one of the most brazen bribery conspiracies in the US Navy history before escaping last year. A former military contractor, he pleaded guilty to bribing Nacy officer in exchange for classified information and for overcharging the military by millions. In exchange, the US sent back A.S, someone close to M accused by the US prosecutors of money laundering on behalf of M’s government. President B defended that move tonight.
