---
title: CBS Evening News 09.16.23
date: 2023-09-17 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight in Texas. Today, the state’s Attorney General K.P was acquitted of all articles of impeachment including charges that he was unfit for office and of bribery. P’s political survival follows a decade of scandals that had threatened to demolish the Republican’s career. 

Although it was House Republicans who decided to bring impeachment charges against the attorney general, only two Senate Republicans voted against him on any of the charges. And it wasn’t enough to impeach Paxton. After less than twenty-four hours of deliberation. Republicans entered the Texas chamber together and then for the most part voted together as well. Twenty-one votes were needed on any of the sixteen articles of impeachment K.P faced. But he was acquitted on each count. Following the proceedings, Texas L Governor D.P reinstated P as the attorney general and criticize the Texas House for voting to impeach him in the first place. In May, the GOP-controlled Texas House chamber voted overwhelmingly to impeach Paxton. Prosecutors argue that the attorney general had among other things used his position to help a prominent real estate developer under federal investigation in exchange for developer giving P alleged mistress a job in Austin so the couple could be closer together. P’s wife State Senator A.P watched all the proceedings from the chamber but was not allowed to vote on her husband’s case.
