---
title: CBS Evening News 12.17.23
date: 2023-12-18 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’ll have the latest from the Middle East including C.D’s look inside a tunnel under Gaza that Israel claims Hamas built for a large scale attack. But first, a powerful storm is roaring up the East Coast right now. It’s set to wreak havoc for millions of you ahead of the holiday season. Fierce winds, even tornadoes are possible. Flooding is also a major threat. You can see right their parts of Florida to the Carolinas are all already swamped. 

The storm as you just heard could make travelling a little tougher this week. AAA predicts one hundred and fifteen million people will be on the move this holiday season. Most would travel by road; more than seven million others are expected to fly. The good news though, gas prices are down, tonight a gallon of regular averages three dollars and seven cents nationwide. That is the lowest price in two years. 

Now, to the Middle East, tonight Israel is confronting new questions over its military strategy in Gaza as the international outcry over civilian deaths in the territory grows. There is also mounting desperation inside Gaza. Take a look at these images today. Food trucks entering from Egypt are raided amid a severe food shortage. This week, Defense Secretary L.A travels to Israel as the US pushes leaders there to scale back the war. 
