---
title: CBS Evening News 06.20.23
date: 2023-06-21 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the race against the clock to find that submersible vessel that disappeared in the north of Atlantic Ocean on Sunday. It was headed to the sunken wreckage of the Titanic. Experts say if the five people on board are still alive, they will run out of oxygen by Thursday morning. The explorers were heading to the cite of the Titanic’s final resting place. It’s located about nine hundred miles off Cape Cod and more than twelve thousand feet below the surface. An international rescue effort is now under way including help from the US navy, the US Coast Guard and the Canadian Coast Guard. Officials say they’ve already searched an area about seventy-six hundred square miles with no signs of the vessel. 

Tonight, the US Navy is bringing in special equipment to retrieve heavy objects from deep under the ocean in the event they’re able to locate the missing submersible. But hope for finding survivors is fading. Search crews are frantically scouring an area larger than the state of Connecticut. But so far, there’s no sign of the missing vessel, the Titan, and its five passengers. But time is dwindling fast because they’re running out of oxygen. For the past two years, the US-based company OceanGate Expeditions has used the submersible to take tourists to the famous Titanic shipwreck, charging two hundred fifty thousand dollars per person. At nearly two and a half miles below the ocean surface, the Titanic is located at roughly twice the depth of the Grand Canyon. Finding the Titan won’t be easy at those depths even if it’s floating on the surface. Rescuers are now gaming out different scenarios in the event they find it. Among the five missing passengers, H.H, a British billionaire who flew into the space on J.B’s Blue Origin rocket last year, Pakistani-British businessman S.D and his nineteen-year-old son S and PH.N a former diver with the French Navy and a seasoned Titanic researcher. Last year, OceanGate hosted CBSN Sunday morning D.P on an expedition to the Titanic, but just minutes into his dive, something went wrong. 
