---
title: CBS Evening News 10.22.23
date: 2023-10-23 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin once again tonight in the Middle East. For days now, an Israeli ground invasion in Gaza has appeared imminent following Hamas’s deadly rampage two weeks ago. Today Israeli warplanes took aim across the Palestinian territory. Targets in the occupied West Bank and Syria were also hit as the war with Hamas threatens to spiraled into a wider conflict. In Iran, the country’s foreign minister called the region “a powder keg”. In a major change, the USS Eisenhower, with its accompanying warships and fighter jets was redirected to the Persian Gulf in response to the rising tensions in the region. Also today, fourteen trucks carrying goods and medical supplies entered Gaza from Egypt. They are the second convoy of aid to arrive since Israel imposed a complete seizure of the territory. And in Delaware, President spent times outdoors today after speaking to Israel’s Prime Minister B.N and six other world leaders. Mr. B also spoke about conflict and peace with Pope Francis. But tonight, it’s desperation and war that dominates our coverage. 

Israeli Defense Forces have vowed to intensify their attacks on Gaza with the aim of crippling Hamas’s fighting abilities ahead of that expected ground offensive. But civilians continue to pay the heaviest price. Tonight, Israel is stepping up its aerial assault again, escalating air strikes even further in the last twenty hours pummeling Gaza as the death toll climbs to more than forty-three hundred people. On a second front, the West Bank, a rare air strike there in the city of Jenin targeting a suspected terror cell Israeli military officials describe as a ticking bomb. A second aid convoy rolled into Gaza from Egypt, carrying desperately needed food, water and medicine. Gaza’s overwhelmed hospitals are not only operating without power, but adequate equipment and supplies.  
