---
title: CBS Evening News 12.14.23
date: 2023-12-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the fresh warnings from President B to Israel that it is time to scale back the war in Gaza and quote, “be more careful to protect civilians”. We’ve got more on that message in just a moment. But first, the world is on alert amid growing fears of terror attacks inspired by the Israel-Hamas war. We’ve got important new information tonight about the suspected terror plots against Jewish targets in Europe that were foiled. Seven people were arrested by police, the first sign that the war in Gaza maybe spreading on the region. Israeli Prime Minister B.N said the suspects were acting on behalf of Hamas. The arrests come just one day after a senior Hamas official called for violence against Americans everywhere. And the FBI, in just last couple of days warning of a heightened threat of lone actors targeting large holiday gatherings right here in the US. 

Security is being ramped up tonight in parts of Europe. Denmark announcing higher police patrols in Jewish sites in Copenhagen. The Danish Prime Minister saying the threat is as serious as it gets. The accusation tonight that those terror suspects have direct ties in the same militant group is Israeli forces have been battling since the Oct.7 massacre that killed more than one thousand two hundred people there. German anti-terror teams say they arrested three men in Berlin, while police in the Netherlands, detained a suspect in Rotterdam, all accused of being longstanding Hamas members, connected to its military wing. Denmark also announcing arrests although it is not clear whether they are connected. Following raids, prosecutors say the suspects planned to store weapons in Berlin, for possible attacks against Jewish targets in Europe. Danish intelligence officials saying today the investigation revealed a network of people preparing a terrorist act.  
