---
title: CBS Evening News 02.15.23
date: 2023-02-16 21:29:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Ahead, the news we are just getting in about an American icon. Actress and international sex symbol R.W have died at the age of eighty-two. The star of the 1960s and 1970s appeared in nearly one hundred films and TV shows including One Millions Years BC. Also tonight, the Holocaust-era musical instruments that were saved after World War II now inspiring a new generation around the world. But first, the chaos in the courtroom at the sentence hearing of the white supremacist who killed ten black people at a Buffalo supermarket in May of last year. As families of the victims faced the shooter for the first time, a man who lost his aunt had to be restrained by police. The emotional moments followed an apology from the gunman, he blamed his racist hate on what he’s read online. 

Family members of the victims have been carrying their grief with them for the past nine months. Today they exhaled, releasing their anger, releasing their heartbreak during a more than two hour court hearing. Speaking directly to the man who murdered their loved ones, one after the other, they stepped forward. They denounced the mass shooting in which the gunman killed ten people, ranging in age from thirty-two to eighty-six, in the aisles of the Tops supermarket. Investigators say the gunman, who didn’t live in Buffalo, is an avowed white supremacist. He livestreamed the massacre after planning it for weeks. They say he specifically targeted the store in black people. The convicted killer sentenced to life without parole. He will be in federal court tomorrow, facing twenty-seven felonies, including hate crimes and the possibility that he could face the death penalty. 
