---
title: CBS Evening News 04.07.23
date: 2023-04-08 21:11:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the two lawmakers who were expelled by their Republican colleagues following gun reform protests could soon be reinstated. And it comes as we witness the political fallout over the Tennessee Three. One state representative was spared by a single vote allowing her to keep her job. Tennessee is now at the center of the partisan over race and gun violence. Tonight, Vice President K.H is in Nashville to meet with the ousted lawmakers and push for legislation to address gun violence. We are also learning that President B just called the three and invited them to the White House. And today, we heard from former president B.O who says this is the latest examples of a broader erosion of Democratic norms. 

Vice President H just went inside the chapel to behind me to meet with the three democratic politicians and their supporters. And this should make them happy. Former state representative J.J, apparently, won’t be out of work for long. Nashville city councilors are expected to name him interim state rep on Monday. Nashville, still a seething city today, reeling over Republican retribution for a Democratic breach of protocol, unseated not one state lawmaker, but two. A national firestorm sparked by this moment last week. Three disruptive Democratic lawmakers and one bullhorn, a legislative session gone off the trails. Their issue, stricter gun laws after a school shooting killed six people including three children. House Republicans pitched a fit, what they called disorder and dishonor became drama, disorder and defiance. Tennessee House Republicans tweeted this response to all their critics, “Unprecedented actions yield unprecedented consequences”.
