---
title: CBS Evening News 11.23.23
date: 2023-11-24 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin this Thanksgiving with law enforcement agencies across the country on high alert as the war in the Middle East leads to increase concerns about terrorism in the US. A recent multiagency terrorism assessment reviewed by CBSN shows a heightened-threat environment. Targets of concern include public events, like today’s Thanksgiving Day parade in New York City, events with significant crowds and lots of media coverage. A group of Palestinian protesters briefly disrupted the parade today but they were quickly led away by police. 

Even hours after a successful kickoff to the holiday season, the streets here are just now reopening, highlighting the heightened security measures NYPD is taking here. From the dazzling floats and A-list performances to SpongeBob SquarePants, the massive Pillsbury Doughboy, and, of course Snoopy, millions of people packed the New York City streets to catch a glimpse of their favorite characters soaring through the sky. And this year, security was as high as the balloons, a response to the high concerns over terror threats. Temporarily pausing the parade, demonstrators calling for aa cease fire in Gaza. A security assessment reviewed by CBSN suggests a heightened threat environment related to the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas. It points to foreign organizations calling for attacks on group gatherings and other public events in US, with a focus on New York State. 
