---
title: CBS Evening News 10.23.23
date: 2023-10-24 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, two Israeli hostages are freed, released by Hamas as the war in Middle East intensifies. The women crossed into Egypt with the help of the Qatari government and international red cross and then reportedly taken by helicopter to Israel. They were kidnapped from their homes along with their husbands, who are still held captive by Hamas. The war now entering its third week and Israel launched one of its heaviest barrages of airstrikes today hitting three hundred and twenty targets in Gaza in the last twenty-four hours. And tonight, former President O putting out a lengthy statement, affirming Israel’s right to self defense but also warning “any Israeli military strategy that ignores the human costs could ultimately backfired.” But we want to begin with terrifying situation here at home in the skies. And off-duty Alaska airlines pilot is facing charges of attempted murder after allegedly trying to shut down the plane’s engines. The flight from Everrett, Washington to San Francisco landed safely in Portland, Oregon. 

It was about thirty minutes after Alaska Airlines flight 2059 took off with eighty-four people on board, including infants riding in their parent’s laps. Police say forty-four-year-old J.E, an off-duty Alaska pilot riding in the cockpit jump seat, allegedly attempted to turn off plane’s engines at about thirty-one thousand feet. There are reports he may have tried to pull these red engine fire suppression handles. E. was handcuffed in the back of the plane as pilots made an emergency landing in Portland. There were no injuries. CBSN obtained this alert FAA sent to airlines about the incidents, noting it is not connected in anyway shape, or form to current world events and law enforcement sources say there does not appear to be a connection to terrorism. E is a married father of two in the bay area who is seen visiting sick kids in the hospital in photos posted into Facebook. Tonight, the FBI and local police are still investigating, but so far, no clear motive. E is behind bars expected in court tomorrow afternoon to face those one hundred sixty seven criminal charges. 
