---
title: CBS Evening News 09.19.23
date: 2023-09-20 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with President B visiting the United Nations to make the case for the rest of the world to continue its support for Ukraine in its ongoing war against Russia. President spoke for the United Nations General Assembly and urge the world leaders to remain united and stand with the people of Ukraine against Russia’s illegal war. Ukraine’s President Z also appeared in person for the first time since the war began to warn that unless Russia is stopped Ukraine won’t be the last country to face this kind of aggression. Z will travel later this week to right here in Washington to visit the White House and Capitol Hill in a bid for continued funding and weapons from Congress. 

Speaking in English and in person, Ukrainian President V.Z warned more than a hundred world leaders that Russia might come for their country next if it isn’t stopped in Ukraine. Ukraine has already received hundreds of billions of dollars in international aid. But, as the conflict moves into its nineteenth month, there are concerns global coffers could dry up. At the UN, President B argued today that’s just what P is counting on. And yet, even in the US, some Republicans still aren’t sold on another twenty-four-billion-dollar aid package. Over the past four months, Ukraine has managed to retake pockets of territory using weapons from the US and other allies. But it’s slow going because the Russians have ceded minefields like this one, all along the six hundred miles front line. Today at the UN, a Russian official in the hall kept his eyes on his phone as Z accused his country of kidnapping hundreds of thousands of children. As he spoke, five Americans were celebrating their first day back on US soil, freed from captivity in Iran as part of a prisoner swap brokered by the B administration. 
