---
title: CBS Evening News 01.26.23
date: 2023-01-27 20:21:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, Congress tonight is demanding access to the classified materials found at the homes of both President B and T. Is there a national security threat? Plus, this just in, the National Archive is asking former presidents to do a search. Also tonight, a CBSN exclusive, sick veterans and toxic burn pits. The new outreach by the VA that could help millions of veterans. But we want to begin with the five former Memphis Police officers facing felony murder charges for the death of T.N. The twenty-nine-year-old father died three days after a traffic stop turned violent. The district attorney said video of the arrest will be released to the public tomorrow night. President B has been briefed on the case since CBSN has learned that governors, police chiefs and local officials are all preparing for potential protests. T.N’s family and Memphis Police Chief are calling on protesters remain peaceful. 

The Shelby County District Attorney says his team has worked quickly to expedite the case that hurt this entire community. Tonight, five Memphis police officers are facing charges including second degree murder, aggravated assault and aggravated kidnapping for the death of T.N. The twenty-nine-year-old died three days after he was pulled over on Jaunary 7th, allegedly for reckless driving. Attorneys for two of the indicted officers spoke after charges filed. The city of Memphis is bracing for possible backlash when videos of the confrontation released. In a video statement, Memphis Police Chief C.J.D called the officers’ actions reckless and inhumane and urge protesters to remain peaceful. Tonight, the family of T.N is expected to attend a vigil at a Memphis state park. We’re also expected to hear from them at a family news conference tomorrow. 
