---
title: CBS Evening News 10.05.23
date: 2023-10-06 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a major reversal by the B administration due to the ongoing crisis at the southern border. The administration is moving forward with plans to build new border barriers in South Texas. It’s an abrupt change from a campaign pledge made by then-candidate J.B. The president defended his decision saying he has no choice because the funding was approved specifically for a border wall. For just a second time in history, data from the Department of Homeland Security shows apprehensions along the southern border surpassed two million in the past year. Southern states are not alone in feeling the impact with Texas Governor G.A sending busloads of asylum-seekers to so-called sanctuary cities. Mayors from New York to Los Angeles say they are being overwhelmed by the massive influx of migrants. 

Not only is the B administration fast-tracking the construction of this wall. It’s also waiving twenty-six different laws and regulations to do something President B vowed never to do.  Eighteen-foot-high steel panels will be installed along twenty miles stretched of the Rio Grande near McAllen, Texas. They are meant to stop scenes like this, hundreds of migrants who racing towards the US Border on Tuesday night. President B insisted today, he didn’t want to build the wall but that his hands were tied by a law Congress passed in 2019. But his own Homeland Security Secretary traveling in Mexico said they do work. Secretary M issued a notice stating there is presently an acute and immediate need to construct physical barriers in order to prevent unlawful entries into the United States. Immigration is a sensitive political issue for President B who made this campaign promise in 2020. But as illegal border crossings have surged, above two hundred thousand last months alone, even some of his political allies have grown critical. In Chicago, hundreds of migrants are sleeping on the sidewalks outside the police station. Illinois Governor JB.P wrote “the federal government’s lack of intervention and coordination at the border has created an untenable situation in Illinois.” New York City’s Democratic mayor has also been outspoken and issued this warning in Mexico today. Late this afternoon, the administration announced it will be restarting direct deportations of Venezuelan migrants back to their home country. Venezuelans accounted for nearly a quarter all illegal border crossings last month. 
