---
title: CBS Evening News 07.23.23
date: 2023-07-24 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with more hot weather. Temperatures are setting records across this country and around the world. A top NASA scientist warns July could become the Earth’s hottest month in hundreds, if not thousands of years. Tens of millions of Americans from California to Florida are struggling right now to endure these dangerous and sometimes deadly conditions. And as if things couldn’t get worse, the heat wave is forecast to expand into the Midwest and Northern plains.

Many in Los Angeles are using umbrellas to shield themselves from the brutal sun. But there is no relief in sight for these dangerous triple-digit temperatures. In Phoenix, first responders raced to save lives as the city is expected to hit its twenty-four straight days of temperatures of one hundred and ten degrees. The nights are just as brutal, not dipping below ninety. Nationwide, extreme heat kills more than seven hundred every year. And for paramedics working those 911 calls, the priority is cooling people down with icy cold IVs, wet towels, and ice packs. July is shattering heat records, more than thirty-five hundred so far. Cities, including Las Vegas, Austin and Miami are on a streak of dangerous temperatures. In Texas, parents smashed a car windshield to rescue their baby accidentally locked inside. 
