---
title: CBS Evening News 02.11.23
date: 2023-02-12 22:03:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news tonight. An American fighter jet has shut down another unidentified object. This time, over Canada, just one day after warplane took similar action over Alaska and one week after a Chinese spy balloon was shut down off the Carolina coast. Canadian Prime Minister J.T says the shoot down happened over the Yukon territory. In a tweet tonight, T said he ordered NORAD to take down the object that had violated Canadian airspace. 

In another tweet just a little while ago, T says he also spoke with President B and he thanked NORAD for keeping watch. He says Canadian forces are going to recover and analyze the wreckage of the object. But American forces still haven’t recovered the wreckage of the object they shut down on Friday. Nor has the Department of Defense provided any more details as to what exactly it was. The F-22 fighter jet shot down the unidentified floating object about the size of a small car off the frozen coast of Alaska Friday on the order of the president. The US military is scouring the frozen Arctic for the wreckage while also searching off the Carolina coast for the payload of a huge Chinese surveillance balloon shot down last week. In an exclusive interview, Defense Secretary L.A told CBSN all bases where US nuclear forces are located were ordered to cover up as the Chinese airship passed over the United States. Initially spotted above Montana, the balloon did not loiter over any other locations, instead floating across the US as fast as the wind could carry. But when A tried to call his Chinese counterpart after the shootdown, he says they essentially left him on read. Now, Department of Defense sources tell CBSN one of the reasons they’ve been unable so far to get to that object that was shut down in Alaska is because they’re being hampered by conditions. The recovery degree is -45°.
