---
title: CBS Evening News 11.25.23
date: 2023-11-26 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the second group of hostages held by Hamas has been freed but not before a new Hamas’ demand, delayed the handover for ours. This release did not include Americans. Thirteen Israelis and four Thai nationals were taken from Gaza across the border to Egypt. In exchange, dozens of Palestinian prisoners were expected to be freed. Today, more aid flowed into Gaza as part of the four-days truce agreement, but it is still far short of what has been called for. And in Tel-Aviv tonight, thousands of Israelis rallied to keep pressure on Prime Minister B.N to secure the release of all the hostages. 

The hostages are now back Israel and we finally know who they are. In this group, mothers and children, a three-year-old, two teen siblings whose mother was murder on Oct.7th, a twenty-one-year-old who attended the music festival among others. In one case, there is a teen who was released but her mother who was also abducted has not been released. Tonight, a delayed release of thirteen more Israeli women and children and four Thai nationals held by Hamas in exchange for thirty-nine Palestinians in prison in Israeli jail, ending a brief but tense standoff and fears of a four-day ceasefire cut short. Friday, the images of the first twenty-four hostages being released and the emotional family unions. But on day two, the fragile truce was on trouble. For long hours, Hamas halted the release of the second group of the hostages accusing Israel of not fulfilling terms of the deal by preventing the agreed number of eight trucks from reaching northern Gaza. 
