---
title: CBS Evening News 09.29.23
date: 2023-09-30 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the Big Apple is in a big mess. And tens of millions of Americans are experiencing torrential rain and record flooding. Heavy downpours are expected to continue through the night and into Saturday in the Northeast with remnants of tropical storm Ophelia lingering. Large parts of the nation’s most populous city, New York, were paralyzed today. Subway lines turned into waterfalls and buses looked more like boats. Residents are urged to stay indoors as dangerous flooding covers entire neighborhoods. Record rainfall is falling across the city with Manhattan’s Central Park getting more than four inches in just three hours. 

<strong>The issue in this part of the country is that the ground is just fully saturated with rain falling seventeen out of the last eighteen weekends and much of the last week.</strong> In fact, the historic rainfall in this part of the country is on par right now with a once in one-hundred-year event. Brooklyn was in the bull’s eye today with a torrential storm overwhelming city streets. More than half a foot of a rain fell, bringing with it, life-threatening flooding. Those floods may travel treacherous. Countless drivers were stuck when the water overtook busy highways. One driver seen with their legs out the window. 

