---
title: CBS Evening News 10.02.23
date: 2023-10-03 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, after years of D.T bragging about his net worth, a trial in New York is underway and taking direct aim at just that. The fraud trial at former president, his family and the T organization started today. Prosecutors accused T and his family of inflating the value of his assets and net worth on financial documents. Before entering the court room, T called the trial a shame and verbally attacked the judge and New York’s attorney general L.J. Last week, the same judge found T, his son D, E and the T organization had inflated the its value by billions of dollars for a decade. This isn’t a criminal case so no jail time but T could be forced to give up his famous New York properties like T. Tower. 

Former President T did not need to be here today, but he decided to show up. Sources tell me for him, this is deeply personal. And he wants to defend the business that is so intertwined with his life and whole career. Former President D.T set stoneface in court this morning. The fate of his New York properties including T. Tower and his family business at stake. New York attorney general L.J who brought the two hundred- and fifty-million-dollar fraud law suit against T and his adult children sat just feet away from the former President and his son E. T used the occasion to attack the J and the judge. T was accused of misrepresenting his net worth by over three and a half billion dollars, inflating his assets to secure better loan term. He allegedly claimed his T. Tower penthouse was nearly three times in size. And valued Mar-A-Lago as seven hundred thirty-nine million dollars, nearly ten times of its worth according to J’s office. Attorney K.W told the judge “They were lying year after year after year”. T’s former fixer M.C said in a deposition played in court that he and former T organization CFO A.W were tasked inflating assets to obtain the number that T wanted. T attorney C.K called C a serial liar and said “everyone has a different opinion as to valuation”. The former president called the trial a witch hunt.
