---
title: CBS Evening News 02.27.23
date: 2023-02-28 21:18:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we begin our new series Retirement ready with a look at millions of Americans who are worried about not having enough money to retire, especially with the stock market and dwindling 401k plans. Plus, speaking of retirement, we sat down with tennis great S.W and what she thinks about that word after leaving tennis five months ago. But first, the severe weather causing havoc coast to coast. Tonight, large parts of the northeast are under a winter storm warning from New Jersey to Maine. A massive system is expected to bring more than a half foot of snow to some areas through tomorrow. It’s part of the same system that brought a rare blizzard warning to southern California last week. Also, in the Midwest, thunderstorm, damaging winds and several tornadoes downed trees and powerlines in Illinois and Ohio. And last night in Oklahoma and Kansas, at least nine twisters touched down. 

Those storms moved in fast, and you can see some of the damage here that these tornadoes caused. Cars flipped on top of each other. At the same time, the roofs were ripped off these homes. But what the storm did not do was slow down the cleanup effort as we saw neighbors helping neighbors. In northern Oklahoma, residents shoveled debris after a series of tornadoes raked across the Sooner State. Drone videos shows the path of destruction in this neighborhood, roofs ripped off homes. The overnight storms powerful winds smashed windows and turned cars into projectiles. At least seven tornadoes touched down in Oklahoma Sunday, the most for any day in February and two more in Kansas. The system also brought twisters to Illinois and Ohio this afternoon. In the west, California is cleaning up after historic winter weather trigger landslides over the weekend. Parts of Los Angeles County saw more than ten inches of rain. To the north, drivers are being urged to stay off the roads with blizzard warnings in Sierra with another six feet of snow expected to fall. 
