---
title: CBS Evening News 06.30.23
date: 2023-07-01 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the Supreme Court rulings, on LGBTQ rights and President B’s student loan forgiveness program. In a six to three decision, justices threw out the administration’s plan to cancel $430 billion in student loan debt for up to forty-three million Americans. The six conservative justices said the plan exceeded the president’s authority to grant such relief without authorization from Congress. The nation’s highest court also voted six to three in favor of a Christian graphic artist who objects to designing websites to promote same-sex marriages, saying her right to free speech outweighs antidiscrimination laws. President B said the court misinterpreted the Constitution and announced new efforts to help students deal with their debt. 

As the Court term came to an end, its conservative majority again asserted its dominance, both on the tension between the First Amendment and state antidiscrimination laws and on the repayment of student loans. And in that case, the High Court dealt with B White House a significant setback. Writing for the majority, Chief Justice J.R said the B administration overstepped its legal authority to justify sweeping student loan cancellation plan. The 2003 law allows the administration to quote “to waive or modify statues pertaining student loans during national emergencies”. R wrote “it does not permit basic and fundamental changes in the scheme designed by Congress”. The administration sought to use the Covid emergency to cancel some $400 billion in student loans, one of the most expensive executive actions in the US history. At the White House, the president said he would seek other ways to fulfill the campaign promise to lower student loan burdens. Around forty million Americans would have qualified for some debt forgiveness, including Howard University Graduate, E.Q who owes about $45,000. 
