---
title: CBS Evening News 11.15.23
date: 2023-11-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with several developing stories that will impact America’s national security including our exclusive interview tonight with Israeli Prime Minister B.N who we spoke with earlier today. We asked him about the ongoing negotiations with Hamas on the release of hostages in exchange for a temporarily cease fire while Israeli is facing tough questions around the world about the conduct of the war. Tonight, he answers those questions. Also today, Israeli military says it found tunnels dug beneath Gaza’s Al Shifa hospital and released video of its discovery we also speak with America’s top diplomat, Secretary of State, A.B about that historic summit between President B and China’s President X. The new deal to crack down on the chemicals that make fentanyl, the drug has caused so much pain and heartbreak here in America. 

With every bomb, every strike, families of the more than two hundred hostages abducted by Hamas on October 7th are reminded that nearly six weeks on, their loved ones are still being held in Gaza. Tonight, more agony, the body of 65-year-old grandmother Y.W abducted last month found in a building near Al Shifa hospital. The Israeli military continues to search that hospital where today it found more proofs, it says, that Hamas was using this as a command center including tunnel shaft and a vehicle with weapons. Al Shifa can no longer receive new patients and so they flee in their thousands, streaming southwards, setting up temporary shelter only to be told today by Israeli soldiers that they must evacuate again. But if they stay, they risk becoming part of the soaring death toll, which the Hamas run health ministry puts at around eleven thousand five hundred. That is one out of every two hundred Palestinians. 
