---
title: CBS Evening News 02.22.23
date: 2023-02-23 20:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, our in-depth look at what earthquake-prone California is doing to prevent large scale destruction when the big one hits. Plus, we’ll meet a teen pageant queen who’s also a state champion wrestler. But we begin with a coast-to-coast outbreak of severe weather threatening more than seventy-six million people across twenty-six states. The Dakotas, Minnesota, and Wisconsin are bearing the brunt of the blizzard threat, with some areas bracing for nearly two feet of snow, powerful gusts and wind chills as low as minus thirty degrees. Farther east, an ice storm is making for treacherous traveling conditions. The storm also disrupted more than five thousand flights just today.

As you can see, the plows around here have been busy. There’s about eight hundred that have been going around the city surrounding areas pretty much non stop trying to keep the roads passable. But the mayor is asking everyone to stay off the streets starting tonight. That’s because what you can see coming in, it’s only the beginning. A bone crushing winter storm is putting Minnesota on ice. And the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and Saint Paul are in its crosshairs. By late afternoon, a second round of snow kicked into higher gear, falling as much as two inches an hour. Wind chills made it feel like three degrees today. Gusts up to forty-five miles per hour produced white out condition and nearly impossible driving conditions in some parts in state. The metro area could be buried under nearly twenty inches by the time the storm moves out tomorrow. Some residents went running, other sprinted to the grocery store stock up supplies. 
