---
title: CBSN Evening News 05.30.23
date: 2023-05-31 21:04:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the dramatic news that people may still be trapped underneath the wreckage of a partially collapsed apartment building in Davenport, Iowa. The mayor and police chief made the announcement at a press conference this morning amid criticism that rescue crews gave up looking for survivors too quickly. Officials say five people are missing including two who could be buried under the rubble. One survivor was rescued from a fourth-floor apartment Monday night just hours after authorities say everyone in the building had been accounted for. Search crews today were trying to find any sign of life as engineers warn that the unstable structure is on the verge of a full collapse. 

Residents have told us that this building has literally been failing apart for some time with bricks that they believe to be from the building often found on the ground. Davenport right now is tense. There are protesters camped out near this site demanding that everyone be recovered before a demolition. Rescue crews may search the building again, but it’s unclear when due to safety concerns. The city said on Monday demolition was expected to begin Tuesday morning but later clarified it would be a multi-step process. Officials say they believe the two people who may still be in the building are unlikely to have survived. 
