---
title: CBS Evening News 12.31.23
date: 2024-01-01 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight is the final hours of this year ??? revelers around the world rising a toast to 2024 many hoping for better times. And it is already different 2024 after all is a leap here three hundred sixty-six days. Clocks in Europe’s capitols latest strike midnight from Berlin to Paris and finally London. In New York, the ball is yet to drop at the big crowds there in the nation’s largest police forces about to keep everybody safe and secure. 

Officials say there are no credible threats but NYPD and federal law enforcement taking extra precautions as the festivities get underway. High above the celebration, law enforcement is on high alert. This year, officers on the lookout for protests like those that interrupted the Thanksgiving Day parade, and the tree lightning in November. And Police used drones for the first time ever to monitor potential dangers. Below Times Square, the busiest mass transit ??? the city will be watched closely. This historic celebration named for the New York Times, it’s all the way back to 1904. In Chicago, the sky’s over late Michigan will be lit up more than one hundred thousand fireworks and Las Vegas will close the strip for more than four hundred thousand people are expected. Back in New York, revelers are filling Times Square and focusing on the future. NYPD’s safety measures go far beyond Times Square. Police say they do expect two million people to come to New York to watch the ball drop but they will be spread out throughout the five ???
