---
title: CBS Evening News 12.15.23
date: 2023-12-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with breaking news about the man once known as America’s mayor. R.G tonight ordered to pay a staggering amount of money, nearly one hundred and fifty million dollars to two former Georgia election workers. A federal judge ruled D.T then personal lawyer defamed R.F and S.M by spreading lies that they engaged in an election fraud. The two women say their lives were turned upside down. They were threatened with lynchings and stalked. These two poll workers fulfilling a public service and ensuring American rights to vote. Now, they feel they can’t return home and had to change their appearances to stay safe. 

R.G didn’t bat an eye as the jury announced its decision, but it’s the size of the damages that caused a bit of stir here at the courthouse. An epic fall for the man who was Time’s Person of the Year. A jury stood witness to what R.G did to me and my daughter. R.F and her daughter S.M emerged triumphantly from court today after a jury awarded them damages from R.G for the conspiracy theories he spread about them since the 2020 election. G was found liable for defaming the women and for inflicting emotional distress for lies claiming they flipped votes while serving as Georgia election workers in 2020 including a conspiracy theory the women exchanged USB drive to do so when they were actually exchanging a mint. The lies led to vile threats. The total awarded to the two women includes more than thirty-three million dollars in compensatory damages, forty million for intentionally infliction of emotional distress and then a number that drew some gasps in the courthouse, seventy-five million in punitive damages. G who had said he planned to testify at this trial, opted not to at the last minute. Outside the courthouse, he continued to spread baseless claims about the election in 2020. G told us he is going to appeal. An appeal in the federal system can be lengthy which means it is not clear when or if either woman will get any money. 
