---
title: CBS Evening News 07.22.23
date: 2023-07-23 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It is another weekend of searing heat for tens of millions of Americans. The US has seen more than twelve thousand record-high temperatures so far this year, and it is dangerous. Forecasters warned the heat that is sweeping across large parts of the country for more than a month wont’ loosen its grip anytime soon. Instead, the heat dome is expanding increasing in size and intensity. The northern plains and Midwest are set to roast next. ER visits are up here in California and across the country as medical workers treat thousands of people this week for heat-related illnesses. Among those, firefighters and paramedics who are also struggling in these triple-digit temperatures. Crews are battling flames across the west as July could be the hottest month on record. The blistering heat dome is fueling a massive wildfire in southern Washington state that has already burned more than thirty thousand acres. The extreme weather causing deaths in several states including Arizona, Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania where authorities recovered the body of two-year-old M.S. Her nine-month-old brother C is still missing. Six people died in the flash flooding there one week ago. Scientists say global warming is driving this unprecedented weather gripping the US, Asia and Europe. Greece is sweltering through the hottest weekend in fifty years. Triple-digit temperatures sparking wildfires with tourists being evacuated by boat from roads and closing the Acropolis. In Italy, a tornado and hail and lighting and high winds battered the Balkans. Back in California, more extremes snow cleanup. Today, the Tioga Pass, a major mountain highway, Yosemite National Park finally reopened to tourists, but the rest of the state still suffering under sizzling temperatures that will roll into August. Experts say the heat is so intense across the nation, it could send two hundred and thirty-five thousand people to emergency room this summer.