---
title: CBS Evening News 04.06.23
date: 2023-04-07 19:42:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with a political show down in the state of Tennessee. It’s getting national attention following the latest school shooting. Republicans tonight are voting to expel Democratic lawmakers from the Tennessee House of Representatives. This is an incredibly rare move in the Volunteer State. In fact, it’s only happened to eight lawmakers since the Civil War. Well, six of them were Confederate racists from the 19th century who refused to give former slaves citizenship. One was for a bribery conviction and another lawmaker was kicked out for allegations of sexual misconduct. Disorderly behavior for leading chants with gun control protesters from the House floor. State Representative J.J was the first to be expelled from his democratically elected position. He walked through a sea of supporters with his colleagues G.J and J.P, the Tennessee Three as they are known. 

This debate was barbed and bitter for hours, but had a surprise twist. Republicans expelled two Democratic lawmakers but spared one other involved in last week’s disturbance. And there was an air of vengeance from both sides. With the announcement, Tennessee’s State House contracted by one member, and America’s political divide widen. The day’s first target for Republicans, state representative J.J. No peace this moment last week. J, one of three Democrats with a bullhorn commandeering a legislative session, angry about last week’s slaughter of the innocents at Nashville’s Covenant School. The supermajority Republican members saw the trio as decorum shattering renegades, unfit to serve one more day. This moment is also a meditation on how political fractured America has become. Tennessee has expelled state lawmakers before, but this is the first time in state history that a lawmaker has been forced from his seat on partisan grounds.
