---
title: CBS Evening News 11.02.23
date: 2023-11-03 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The breakthrough in the desperate effort to evacuate Americans out of Gaza. At least seventy-four Americans fleeing today making their way out of the war zone and into safety in Egypt. The breakthrough comes with a major new battle underway tonight in northern Gaza. The Israeli army launching heavy attacks from land, sea and air. Prime Minister N saying “We are at the height of the battle”. Israel military is facing off with Hamas militants in close-combat battles as they advance deeper into Gaza City. And for the third day in a row, Israeli air strikes hit the Jabalia refugee camp as it targets members of Hamas. More than one hundred trucks with aid made their way into Gaza today, that’s a big number, as the humanitarian crisis there worsens. Secretary of State A.B is on his way to Israel, where the White House says he will urge leaders for a pause in the fighting to allow aid to be distributed and for the possible release of hostages. And there is breaking news. The House passed a fourteen-billion-dollar aid package for Israel, but without funding for Ukraine.

The Israel Defense Forces says face-to-face fighting is underway between Israeli soldiers and Hamas militants as troops push deeper into densely populated Gaza City. While further south, there is a desperate rush for those trying to escape the war zone. By the thousands they gathered at the gate today, daring to hope this time they’d make it out of Gaza. Back in the embattled strip of land, they managed to flee. Israeli airstrikes pounded the area around the Jabalia refugee camp, north of Gaza City, for the third day in a row. They even hit the school, cries a young woman, referring to an UN-run school where displaced residents had sought shelter. But being a school providing no more protection than the concrete pillars that collapsed around them. The UN said today four of their schools-turned-shelters were hit in the last twenty-four hours. Israeli Defense Forces released new video as the top commander claimed forces are encircling Gaza City on three sides. But even as they clear the battlefield of Hamas militants overground, dangers still lurk below. What first began two decades ago as a labyrinth of tunnels to move smuggled goods around has since become an advanced underground network known as the Gaza metro, housing  command centers and weapons storage. Hamas released this new video set to show one of its militants emerging from a tunnel and planting explosives on an Israeli tank. The sky over Gaza lit up tonight in another series of airstrikes. Clouds of thick smoke rising as explosions ring out in the distance. A renewed bombardment from the air, even as Israeli troops fight it out on the ground. 
