---
title: CBS Evening News 08.14.23
date: 2023-08-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The embers are not far from where we are tonight in Kula and there are still smoldering. Linemen are working to restore power. Today, more members of the National Guard were activated to help and this just in, the death toll on this Monday night now at ninety-nine. And Hawaii’s Governor tell CBSN that the number could rise dramatically by ten to twenty per day with hundreds still missing. Today, FEMA bringing in teams of cadaver dogs from the mainland. And it is still so hot here. The dogs take breaks to cool down before resuming this difficult and somber work. The scope of the damage is unimaginable. And there are reports tonight that fire hydrants ran out of water as crews raced to fight blaze. 

Our visit to Lahaina, once home to thirteen thousand people now a desolate ruin. The scope of the damage unfathomable, with authorities searching for more than thirteen hundred people still missing. The recovery just beginning as twelve more cadaver dogs arrived to help home through the rubble. Hawaii Governor J.G describes the wildfire as a fire hurricane reaching temperatures of one thousand degrees fueled by over eighty miles per hour winds and tearing through more than two thousand buildings. And for many families, the waiting and the unknown is the worst part. We traveled with volunteers by fishing boat, bringing supplies to the hardest hit part of Lahaina. And the fire moved quickly, engulfing the town with no warning, as questions mount about why the eighty outdoor sirens stay silent. We are just learning from the Governor that the first eighty confirmed deaths in Lahaina were found in their cars or in the water. 
