---
title: CBS Evening News 11.30.23
date: 2023-12-01 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
After fifty-five long and grueling days, eight more hostages are back with their loved ones tonight. Last-minute tense negotiations allowed for a seventh day of this temporary ceasefire and for more families to be reunited. In exchange, Israel freed thirty Palestinian prisoners. There were six women and two teenagers who crossed out of Gaza today. Many of them were hiding in their homes during the Hamas terror attack. And while they are free tonight, their loved ones are still being held captive. And despite a pause in fighting in Gaza, there was violence in Jerusalem today. Two gunmen opened fire during the morning commute on a crowd waiting to board a bus. Now, Hamas is claiming responsibility for the terror attack that killed at least three Israelis and wounded six others including two Americans. 

The exchange of Israeli hostages for Palestinian prisoners continues, ensuring a fragile peace in the Gaza strip. But blood continues to be spilled both in the West Bank and here in Jerusalem, where two Americans are among the wounded. A tearful reunion nearly eight excruciating weeks in the making. With the extension of the ceasefire and resuming of the war delayed one more day, Secretary of State A.B, during his visit to the region, cautioned Israel. But new signs of the conflict boiling over into the West Bank. CCTV tape shows the moment Hamas terrorists, armed with an M-16 and handgun, opened fire on civilians waiting at the bus stop outside an entrance to Jerusalem. Police say several were injured including two Americans and at least four were killed. Violent incidents have been growing for days. Hamas claims the act was a response to the  killing of children in the Palestinian refugee camp Jenin, such as two boys yesterday, age eight and fifteen. 
