---
title: CBS Evening News 05.08.23
date: 2023-05-08 22:24:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with another community reeling from one of the nation’s latest mass shootings. This time, it was in the Dallas suburb of Allen, Texas, the routine weekend activity of shopping as a family shattered by a gunman’s rampage. At least eight people were killed including three children. Seven others were injured. We want to take a moment to remember the victims. Investigators haven’t revealed the motive. But the ADL says that the thirty-three-year-old shooter embraced anti-Semitism, violent misogyny and white supremacy. And tonight, we are learning the shooter had heavy firepower, seven guns with him, two on him and five in his car. 

Despite the shooter’s violent and racist views, investigators haven’t said for sure if that was the motivation for the attack. We also talked to survivors who describe what it was like trying to save victims who were dying. Saturday, just after 3:30 PM, a grey car drives up to the Allen Premium Outlets Mall. The door opens, and the shooters immediately starts firing dozens of rounds at shoppers from an AR-style rifle. The gunman only stops when a police officer, who happened to be at the mall, shoots and kills him. Police have identified him as thirty-three-year-old M.G. CBSN has learned he enlisted in the army in 2008 but did not finish basic training and was terminated after three months due to physical or mental conditions. G later worked as an armed and licensed security guard and passed a background check. This video shows the chaos and reality of a mass shooting for survivors. The memorial for the victims behind me keeps growing as people come by to stop, mourn and prey. There are two more vigils tomorrow for the victims. 
