---
title: CBS Evening News 04.22.23
date: 2023-04-22 19:53:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with Sudan as the fighting between rival forces enters its second week. Thousands of American citizens are caught in the crossfire between opposing factions of the country’s military. This is the capital Khartoum. Gunfire today echoing through its streets. A planned ceasefire so far failing to stop the fighting. Tonight, several countries are planning emergency evacuations of their diplomats including the United States. 

Despite repeatedly calls for a ceasefire to coincide with the start of Eid holiday, the fighting between the two warring Sudanese generals is only intensifying. The sound of gunfire crackles across Khartoum as thick black smoke billows above the Sudanese capital. After a week of intense fighting, the city’s main hospitals are at breaking point. Medicines were running out, electricity is in short supply and more wounded are arriving desperate for help. It’s now a race against time to evacuate foreign diplomats from the city. These Saudi nationals are among the first to flee Sudan as they stepped off an apparent evacuation ship at the Saudi port of Jeddah. Sudan’s military Chief and President A.F.B has also announced the evacuation process for several other countries, including the US as forces loyal to Burhan remain locked in an increasingly violent power struggle with M.H.D, Sudan’s Vice President and commander of the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces. Over the past week, more than four hundred people have been killed in the fighting, including an American citizen. 
 