---
title: CBS Evening News 11.27.23
date: 2023-11-28 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin tonight with big news out of the Middle East. Israel and Hamas have agreed to extend their pause in fighting for two more days. The deal is expected to follow the same conditions as the original temporary ceasefire. Three Palestinian prisoners released for every Israeli hostage freed. These are the faces of sixty-nine hostages all kidnapped during Hamas terror attacks on Oct.7th, who have been freed. Fifty of the hostages were released under this deal that the US helped broker, and thirty of them are children. Now on Sunday, the hostage for prisoners exchange included the freeing of the youngest American captive four-year-old A.E. The agreement has also freed a hundred and fifty Palestinian prisoners. And in Israel today, we saw E.M touring Kfar Aza, visiting the house where A was kidnapped and her parents were murdered in front of her. The trip comes after the faced international backlash for endorsing an antisemitic post. M was scolded by Israel President over the content on his social media platform X. 

The temporary ceasefire was due to end tomorrow morning at 7:00 local time, but tonight, Hamas confirmed to CBSN that it’s committed to releasing twenty more hostages in return for two-day extension of the ceasefire as this evening, another group of captives has been freed. Another eleven hostages were released by Hamas tonight including eight children. The youngest, a pair of twins, just three years old. In Israel, there’s more joy and more relief. 
