---
title: CBS Evening News 12.03.23
date: 2023-12-04 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin this Sunday in the Middle East. Tonight, Israel is widening its hunt for Hamas leaders to southern Gaza, where the majority of the territory’s population is now crowded. For civilians, there is no escape. There is panic and confusion, as you can imagine as Israel intensifies its airstrikes across the territory and expands its ground offensive. This hospital overwhelmed by the dead and the wounded. Elsewhere, horrific scenes of destruction. Casualties appear to be heaviest in the already hard-hit north. These siblings mourning to the death of their father and mother killed in Israeli airstrike. Also today, a US Navy warship in the Red Sea responded to drone attacks against three separate commercial ships.

Prime Minister B.N says he will continue to negotiate but will not let up in the ground war, insisting that gives Israel more leverage to free the more than one hundred and thirty hostages including eight Americans who remain in the clutches of Hamas. It has been eight weeks since Hamas took some two hundred and forty hostages. Now, for the first time, many of those freed described their torment in detail. Desperate for food and air in Hamas’s tunnels. A horror film that terrified their families at home as well. But for now, there are no more hostages being released but the ceasefire and the lives of Gazans in shambles. In northern Gaza, an airstrike let these boys screaming and searching for their father among the debris. The UN says some seventy-five percent Palestinians are now displaced in the strip. As Israeli forces push south, in their vow to destroy Hamas, many Gazans are fleeing toward the border with Egypt, where they build makeshift shelter. 
