---
title: CBS Evening News 05.03.23
date: 2023-05-04 20:23:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
And we begin tonight with breaking news. The suspect accused of opening fire inside a medical center in Atlanta has been found. One person was killed and four others injured after they were shot in a waiting room. All of the victims are women, ranging in age from twenty-five to seventy-one years old. Police have identified the alleged shooter as twenty-four-year-old D.P. Here’s what we are learning about what happened. Sources tell CBSN that P became agitated while waiting for a medical appointment and he took out a handgun and immediately starting shooting. The coast guard veteran was with his mom. A law enforcement says P was on medication for mental health issues. According to the gun violence archives, this is the one hundred and ninetieth mass shooting in United States this year. Just remainder, today is just one hundred twenty third day of 2023. 

Manhunt update: Police now have a suspect in custody nearly eight hours after an office shooting shut down a swath of a major American city. Midday mayhem in midtown Atlanta. Gun fire in a medical office waiting room. All five people shot were women. A thirty-nine-year-old victim died at the scene, three others critically wounded. This is twenty-four-year-old D.P, a coast guard and the shooting suspect. Police believe he disappeared after carjacking someone and sped off. But late today, a break in the case. Police closed in, P was arrested. Police spotted P in the back of a gated community in a county just northwest of Atlanta. This city is relieved.
