---
title: CBS Evening News 07.14.23
date: 2023-07-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the stunning new details we’re learning about a suspected serial killer on New York’s Long Island. The suspect is fifty-nine-year-old R.H charged with murders of three women and the prime suspect in the death of the fourth. The Manhattan architect and married father is a long-time resident of Long Island and lives not far from Gilgo Beach where the remains of his alleged victims were discovered in 2010. Well, that community has lived in fear for nearly thirteen years since officials first discovered those victims in total eleven sets of human remains were found in that same area. Authorities were unable to identify a suspect. And according to a new court document, investigators were able to link the suspect to the three killings using DNA evidence from a pizza crust and data from burner cell phones.

Police uncovered most of the human remains along this remote beach. Police say the suspect, R.H has been surveillance for months. And it was revealed in court documents today he alleged used one of the victims’ cellphones to make taunting calls to her family after the murder. Police say R.H, a New York architect is the suspected serial killer they’ve been hunting for over a decade. H. lived on this quiet street in Massapequa, Long Island. He was arrested near his Manhattan officer last night and arraigned today. Prosecutors said investigators were led to H. initially after a witness reported seeing a pickup truck when one of the victims disappeared in 2010. Investigators later recovered his DNA from a pizza crust discarded in Manhattan and matched it to genetic material found on the bodies. They also linked him on other evidence including burner phones that used to arrange meetings with the victims. Today H. was charged with murder in the deaths of three women and the prime suspect of another victim whose body was first discovered on Long Island in 2010. The women, all sex workers, were found wrapped in burlap bags.  
