---
title: CBS Evening News 01.31.23
date: 2023-02-01 19:15:30
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, former President D.T pleads the fifth during his deposition ahead of two hundred fifty million dollars fraud lawsuit filed by New York attorney general. Plus, A.B is formally charged with involuntarily manslaughter in the fatal shooting in Santa Fe film “Rust” along with the movie’s specialist. But first, a massive winter storm system is targeting the nation’s midsection with ice, sleet, and snow. Winter storm alerts are spread across fourteen states. Officials are urging residents to stay off the roads and be prepared for power outages. At least two deaths in Texas have been reported. Thousands of flights have also been delayed and canceled mostly in the south. 

Memphis is under an ice storm warning, let me show you exactly what that means. There’s a thin layer of ice all on these trees and on the roads and it is causing all kinds of problems from Texas to Tennessee. Tonight, a dangerous winter storm is gripping the south, snarling travel from Texas to Kentucky, creating chaos on the roads and canceling thousands of flights. Texas bears the brunt. Thunder sleet and freezing rain reported across the Lone Star state, making roads look more like ice rinks. Officials blaming the wicked weather for hundreds of crashes, at least two people are dead. TxDOT is using more than two thousands trucks and other equipment to clear the roads but is still warning residents to stay home. Nearly half the flights going into and out of Dallas are canceled or delayed for hours, and tens of thousands of customers are without power. The governor assuring residents that the grid is keeping up with demand. Across the river in Arkansas, the governor there has declared a state of emergency. Now, schools across this region will be closed on Wednesday because of the weather, but the storm is expected to move out of here tomorrow.
