---
title: CBS Evening News 04.05.23
date: 2023-04-06 20:23:40
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with a startling new development in the federal investigation of D.T that could mark a turning point. It comes after the former president launched a new round of attacks on the FBI and Justice Department, both at Mar-a-Lago last night and again today on Truth Social. Well, for months, the special counsel right here in Washington has waged a behind-the-scenes legal battle to get T’s closest advisors to testify. The president’s lawyers have tried to limit that testimony and they repeatedly failed. Yesterday, we learned T’s chief of staff will have testify. Today, we learned M.P is willing to answer questions under oath about then President T’s efforts to overturn 2020 Election. Legal experts say it’s this investigation could be much more damaging than what happened yesterday. 

This is extraordinary and potentially historic development, a former vice president now willing within certain bounds to testify about possible illegal acts by a president. An advisor to former President M.P says he could testify before the grand jury within weeks. And prosecutors could get a vivid firsthand account of what D.T did and said as he relentlessly pressured P to overturn the 2020 Election. Today, D.T called on congressional Republicans to defund the DOJ and FBI, a move dismissed even by his staunch ally, South Carolina Republican Senator L.G. At Tuesday’s New York arraignment Judge J.M warned against rhetoric that could inflame or cause civil unrest. But T later took the gloves off during a rally in Mar-a-Lago tearing into Manhattan DA A.B and Judge H personally. One day after, Judge B detailed the thirty-four count criminal indictment of T, accusing him of falsifying business records and part of a year long alleged hush money payment scheme. T’s lawyers say they will mount an aggressive effort to have the charge dismissed. 
