---
title: CBS Evening News 07.27.23
date: 2023-07-28 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
And we begin tonight with breaking news in the investigation of former President D.T’s alleged mishandling of classified documents after leaving office. The former president is facing new charges including allegations of obstruction of justice of the willful retention of national defense information. This brings the total number of charges to forty in the first ever indictment of a former president. Plus, a third defendant has been named in the case. He is being described as a Mar-a-Lago employee who helped move some of the boxes containing classified materials. 

Tonight, a sudden flurry of developments at the Justice Department. Late today, a third person was named as a defendant in the Mar-a-Lago documents case. And these new charges and details put the former president in further legal peril. C.D.O, a worker at the property was accused of attempting to delete security footage. T was also charged with new counts, including an additional count of retaining more classified documents. CBSN has identified that the document was related to Iran and national security, which T was alleged to have shown to aides. The documents also allege former President T worked with his co-defendants to try to pressure an unnamed employee to delete security footage at Mar-a-Lago. The trial in Florida is scheduled for next year. The defendant, who was named today, is scheduled to appear in court on July 31, and then on the separate January 6th investigation. Two sources close to T’s legal team say his top attorneys met with Special Counsel J.S’s office today and pepper Justice Department officials with their questions about the recent letters sent to T, which signaled he might be indicted. And while the grand jury met today, CBS had learned that no indictments have been returned as of yet, leaving the timing unclear. T wrote his attorneys had a productive meeting with the DOJ. The Special Counsel continues to interview witnesses about the sprawling efforts by T and his allies to prevent the certification of President B’s victory. The target letter outlined three federal statutes: conspiracy to commit an offense or defraud the United States, a law indicating potential charges that range from obstruction of an official proceeding to tampering with a witness and a law that deals with depriving someone of civil rights. 
