---
title: CBS Evening News 10.16.23
date: 2023-10-17 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we learned that Hamas took even more hostages that we knew. And the race is on to find nearly two hundred people before an Israeli ground invasion. And world leaders are working to get aid in and foreigners out of Gaza as conditions worsen. Much of Gaza is already in ruins. And the humanitarian crisis is getting worse by the hour. And there is breaking news as Israeli Defense forces say it killed the head of Hamas general intelligence. Secretary of State A.B back in Tel-Aviv today to push for more diplomatic effort to address this ongoing crisis including efforts to open a civilian and humanitarian corridor from Gaza to Egypt. As of tonight, the border of Egypt is still closed to thousands who are trying to flee the war zone. The number of killed continues to rise with more than fourteen hundred in Israel and nearly three thousand in Gaza. And more American troops are on standby tonight preparing to be possibly deployed to the region. In an interview with Sixty Minutes, President B endorsed Israel’s goal of destroying Hamas but also warned Israel not to try to reoccupy Gaza saying it would be “a big mistake”. CBSN has learned the President is considering a trip to Israel this week in a show of support. The evacuations of Americans from Israel are underway tonight, nearly a thousand leaving by air and even by sea using cruise ships. 

As tens of thousands flee from the northern Gaza, we’ve learned the Israel military has bombed the largest city in the south with hundreds of strikes. Nowhere in Gaza, it seems is safe tonight. Israel’s furious strikes on Gaza are laying waste to entire neighborhoods. The northern Jabalia refugee camp is now a hellscape after Israeli airstrikes demolished over thirty seven hundred residential buildings across the Palestinian territory. The few who remain gathered what has left of their broken lives. Israel’s evacuation orders of Gaza’s northern half have triggered an urgent exodus. The UN says more than a million Palestinians have fled their homes, nearly half of the strip’s entire population since the Hamas attack as the death toll rapidly approaches three thousand. Many of those who fled from the North are coming here to the Southern Rafah border crossing with Egypt, the only way out of Gaza. But the crossing remains closed after it was damaged by repeated Israeli airstrikes and because Egyptian restrictions leaving foreign passport holders including as many as six hundred Americans, trapped in Gaza. Hundreds of tons of desperately needed aid from several countries also remain stuck on Egyptian side. Secretary of State A.B who back to Israel to meet with Prime Minister B.N after crisscrossing the Middle East where he met with several Arab leaders to prevent a humanitarian crisis in Gaza from plunging even further after Israel blocked food, water, medical supplies and fuel from entering Palestinian territory. The UN is now warning Gaza’s hospital which are powered entirely by generators will be out of gas within twenty four hours as doctors warn hundreds of patients who desperately need surgery are being left untreated. 
