---
title: CBS Evening News 02.25.23
date: 2023-02-26 20:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a powerful winter storm that piled up snow, prompted blizzard warnings, water rescues, and freeway closures is on its way out of southern California. More than thirty million Americans today woke up on weather alerts. In Los Angeles, a city famed for its palm trees, was chilled after a dusting of snow. This was the storm seen from space today as it flowed over California coast. 

California took a direct hit from the storm. LA’s beaches are still closed, so is Yosemite National Park. And California is only beginning to assess the damage. Mudslide fears tonight in southern California after record-breaking rain and snow pummeled the state. Several motor homes parked above the river fell in when the ground gave way. Swift water rescue crews saved people trapped in flooded cars while some drivers had to wait for help. Others near Burbank Airport just had to abandon their vehicles. Both rain and snow closed parts of the freeway, the major artery connecting northern and southern California, and hundreds of thousands were without power. The unprecedented snow which is weakening as it moves east, triggering rare blizzard warnings left snow on California beaches and caught many Californians off guard. Some good news, this historic winter storms have led to a booming snow pack which is a major source of water for drought-stricken California. It’s already at 120% of the average season. The storm is easing Californian drought. But one of the state’s largest reservoirs are still only half full. That next month will be critical in determining how much water we have. 
