---
title: CBS Evening News 09.15.23
date: 2023-09-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with historic strike against all of America’s big three automakers. Tonight, the impact already felt with Ford revealing it will temporarily lay off six hundred non-striking workers at its Michigan assembly plant. General Motors expects to shut down its Fairfax plant in Kansas City as early as next week. Official say there is movement into negotiations but both sides remain far apart. President B who ran as a pro-union candidate is sending two of his top aides to Detroit to meet with both sides. As of midnight, about thirteen thousand began their strikes at assembly plants in Missouri, Michigan and Ohio, impacting General Motors, Ford, and Stellantis, the parent company of Jeep and Chrysler. 

The union says there were no negotiations today. Both sides expect them to resume tomorrow. UAW did make a counteroffer to the big three late last night, but the companies say the asks were still far too great and then time ran out. Outside idled auto plants in three states and in downtown Detroit just feet from the annual Auto Show, striking United Auto Workers making their voice heard. At the stroke of midnight, twelve thousand seven hundred UAW workers walked off the production line and joined the picket line. Halting work at factories in Michigan, Missouri and Ohio belonging to the nation’s big three automakers in an unprecedented move to strike for General Motors and Stellantis simultaneously. Union President Shawn Fain rallied strikers. 
