---
title: CBS Evening News 12.27.23
date: 2023-12-28 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the crisis in the southern border. Right now, a massive convoy of migrants is making its way through Mexico and towards the United States. Secretary of State A.B and the Homeland Security Secretary A.M traveled to Mexico’s City today. They met with Mexico president to discuss ways to stem the flow of migrants coming into this country. Mexico’s president says he is willing to help but wants the US to address the main cause of the problem by improving relations with Venezuela and Cuba. He also wants more money for development in the region. Border security agents, aid groups, and local communities are stretched thin amid a record number of asylum seekers approaching the US-Mexico border every day. Thousands of migrants, most from central and south America are part of the latest caravan moving through southern Mexico. 

Looking to start a new year in a new country, as many as ten thousand migrants each day are crossing southern border into the United States. Meanwhile, about one thousand men, women and children from multiple Latin American countries are making their way north through Mexico, the largest such caravan in months. The influx is having an impact as far north as New York, where the city says taking care of asylum seekers will cost an estimated $12 billion over the next three years. This chartered plane carrying hundreds of migrants from El Paso to Queens was forced to land in Philadelphia Tuesday night, due to bad weather. The passenger instead boarded buses bound for Manhattan arranged by Texas Governor G.A. 
