---
title: CBS Evening News 10.24.23
date: 2023-10-25 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the humanitarian crisis is deepening inside Gaza with President B saying efforts to bring aid to civilians are not moving fast enough. Just today, eight trucks carrying food, water, and medicine were allowed across the border, the first in twenty-four hours but it is not nearly enough to meet demand. Hundreds of thousands of Israeli troops are positioned along the border ahead of an anticipated ground invasion that appears to be on hold for the moment in order to buy time for hostage negotiations. Israel has increased the barrage of airstrikes with Hamas-run Gaza health ministry saying it suffered its single deadliest day of the war. Secretary of State A.B today warned Iran that the US would respond if they or their proxies use the conflict to attack Americans, this as the Pentagon announced that Iranian-backed militias have targeted US troops in the Middle-East at least thirteen times in the past week with rockets and drone attacks. And we learned just short time ago, at least two dozen US service members were hurt. 

Despite an increase in the number of attacks on both sides of this fight today, another humanitarian convoy has rolled into Gaza, the Palestinian Red Crescent announcing that they’ve received another eight trucks of aids but no fuel while concerns grows for civilians and hostages alike. Y.L and N.C only landed here in Tel-Aviv from Egypt in the early hours, yet this morning, a smiling eighty-five-year-old L was ready to share her story saying “I went through hell” describing how Hamas kidnappers draped her over a motorcycle. She said militants took away her watch and jewelry as she was led down a vast network of tunnels she said looked like a spider web.  
