---
title: CBS Evening News 11.03.23
date: 2023-11-04 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the spiraling violence in the Middle East. Secretary of State A.B returned to Israel today to show support for its military campaign that against the terror group Hamas while also urging Prime Minister B.N to be careful while waging that war. The US is pushing for a temporary humanitarian pause to allow for the distribution of aid in Gaza. The US says thousands of Palestinian civilians have died in the nearly month-long war. Today, N rejected any cease fire that doesn’t include the release of hostages. B, seen here leaving Israel for Jordan, is under intensifying pressure to broker a solution. Meanwhile, the Pentagon confirmed that it is conducting unarmed drone flights over Gaza in an effort to help locate the roughly two hundred and forty hostages held by Hamas. Today, an Israeli air strike hit a convoy of ambulances which Israel says Hamas uses to transport terrorists and weapons. The strike killed dozens of people. 

We’re closed to the border with Lebanon, which is just under two miles in that direction. This area and the area behind me have come under repeated attack this week, and we have heard several explosions tonight on the day of Secretary of State warned regional enemies not to open up a second front. With the war in Gaza raging and Israeli forces tightening their grip on Gaza City less than fifty miles away, the Secretary of State returned to Tel-Aviv in part to persuade leaders here to allow more humanitarian pause. But Prime Minister B.N says he has no intention of pausing that campaign. But both men were united in warning Israel’s Iranian-backed regional enemies from widening the war beyond the battlefields of Gaza. Yet northern Israel has seen a sharp escalation in violence with Lebanon this week. A rocket attack on the border town of K.S last night set cars and buildings ablaze. Hamas militants, who have a presence in Hezbollah-controlled areas of Lebanon, claimed responsibility for the barrage.
