---
title: CBS Evening News 08.03.23
date: 2023-08-04 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with this historic moment in our nation’s history. For the first time in our country’s two hundred and forty-seven years, a former president of the United States has been arraigned on criminal charges of trying to disrupt the peaceful transfer of power. CBSN was inside the courtroom for the entire hearing, which lasted less than thirty minutes. A former president, in a blue suit and red tie appeared calm as he said aloud “not guilty”. Also, in court today, six DC federal judges sitting in the back row including one who said those who egged on January 6th rioters “stoked the flames of fear”. The four-count indictment details D.T’s alleged criminal plot to hold on to power and overturn the 2020 presidential election. Security was tight around the courthouse in DC just block from the US Capitol. 

It was something Americans have never seen in before, a former president accused of trying to defraud the nation he once led and arriving back in Washington to a crowd gathered not at the White House but at a federal courthouse. Former President D.T took on his critics after he left his arraignment in Washington. He traveled to the federal courthouse under heavy security escorted by his Secret Service detail. Throngs of protesters and fans gathered outside. Once inside, he was processed, but no mugshot was taken. Inside, T was fingerprinted, in the courtroom, he raised his righthand to be sworn in. He stated his name and gave his age at 77. He pleaded not guilty to four charges, brough in a grand jury investigation being led by special counsel J.S, who was also in the courtroom. Three counts of conspiracy, one for obstruction for allegedly leading a criminal conspiracy to try to overthrow the 2020 presidential election. The judge told T the obstruction charge carries a maximum of twenty years in prison. The indictment says T deliberately disregarded the truth. Sources say T’s lawyers plan to argue that T’s false claims about the election were not criminal and that his efforts were driven by the advice of outside attorneys, like S.P, R.G and J.E among others. CBSN has learned that they are likely some of the six alleged coconspirators cited in the indictment. The judge scheduled the next hearing for August 28th. The special counsel has called for a speedy trail. But sources close to T’s legal team say they will push for a delay, arguing they need time to navigate the many cases facing T.
