---
title: CBS Evening News 04.15.23
date: 2023-04-16 19:32:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with new details on the leak of classified Pentagon documents. The suspected leaker, a twenty-one-year-old Junior Air National Guardsman from Massachusetts remains jailed this weekend. His next court appearance? Wednesday. The Pentagon describes the leak as a serious risk to national security. The President B says he is quote “not concerned” about what was leaked but rather that it happened. He returned home to Delaware early this morning after a trip to the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. 

Before he left Ireland, the president told reporters that he expects the investigation to wrap up quickly as we learned new details about what was in those documents. President B wants the Pentagon to find out how it happened. Twenty-one-year-old Air National Guardsman J.T appeared before a federal judge Friday, but he did not enter a plea to the Espionage Act violation against him. The leak of classified documents apparently went undetected for months. The incident has put the B administration in damage control, restricting access to the nation’s most guarded secrets. They appeared to reveal US surveillance of enemies and allies. The Washington post reports some of the leaked pages included intelligence on at least four more Chinese spy balloons. Today in Vietnam, Secretary of State A.B insisted relations with allies has not been impacted by the leak. 
