---
title: CBS Evening News 01.01.23
date: 2023-01-02 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A fierce storm has ushered in the new year in California. In Sacramento, it was the wettest New Year’s Eve on record. At least two levees have been overwhelmed. And tonight, the danger is not over. This is Highway 99. It’s a major south roadway where some drivers became trapped, and fast-rising floodwaters led to several rescues throughout the region. The storm is now headed east, bringing the snow to Utah and tornadoes to the south. 

It's beautiful now in San Francisco. But California is dealing with the aftermath of record-setting rains and high winds. Power is out for tens of thousands of residents across the state, and the danger now is flooding. Tonight, a shelter-in-place order is in effect for parts of Sacramento County amid fears a river levee could fail and flood the small community of Wilton, the town’s five thousand residents told to get to higher ground. It’s all part of a massive storm that battered California, dumping heavy rain, snow and high winds triggering floods, mudslides and power outages. In San Francisco, the famed Fisherman’s Warf was drenched on the wettest day in nearly thirty years. The deluge stranded commuters on a major highway, the 101. Satellite imagery shows the so-called atmospheric river bringing moisture to California, catching many off guards. In Sierra Nevada, up to eight feet of snow blanketed towns, clogged roads and forced many sky resorts to temporarily shut down. But all this moisture is desperately needed to fight the drought. As California digs and dries out, it’s still too early to tell how much this will ease the drought. But experts will be measuring the vital indicator, the snow pack, on Tuesday.
