---
title: CBS Evening News 07.10.23
date: 2023-07-11 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with historic flash flooding and an ongoing threat of heavy rain. And entire summer’s worth of rain fell in matter of a few hours in New York on Sunday. And now that same system is moving over New England. Torrential downpours are now pounding Vermont where governor P.S called for an all-hands-on-deck approach to the storms. The National Weather Service has issued its first high risk warning for the state since 2011. In New York, Hudson Valley flood waters caused at least one dead, washed away roads and forced the evacuation of homes and businesses. Twelve million residents across the New England are under flash flood alerts tonight with heavy rains expected through tomorrow morning. New York governor also said that the historic flooding seen in this part of the Hudson Valley is now part of life of people in this part of the country. And so, they need to remain vigilant especially considering it has turned deadly after one woman passed away trying to save her dog. Tonight, a state of emergency in Vermont with life threatening flooding, up to eight inches of rain fell today turning scenic landscape into deadly rivers in Vermont. Nearly the entire state was under flash flood warning. Fourteen swift rescue crews from as far away as North Carolina saved nearly two dozen people from cars, trees and homes. Now dozens of roads are crumpled and impassable. The deluge reminding some tropical storms Irene when eight inches of rain fell in less than a day. New York’s Hudson Valley was slammed. 