---
title: CBS Evening News 01.10.23
date: 2023-01-11 19:06:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is new fallout from what CBSN first reported about those B documents. House Republicans have just launched investigation. We’ve got more on that in just a moment. Plus, this news just coming in, look at this video, smoke pouring out of the wing of this Delta flight. But first, more deadly storms have slammed the California Coast with torrential rains and thunderstorms causing massive flooding, landslides and widespread power outages. At least twenty-five residents are under flood advisories while more than one hundred and forty-five thousand still without power. And as the rain move inland, yet another major storm system will move in right behind it. The governor of California just announced seventeen people have died. 

The water in this neighborhood is finally starting to recede. Only a couple of inches right here. But to give you some context, the amount of rainfall we’ve received and what’s in forecast, well, that’s enough to cover the entire state of California with fifteen inches of water. The procession of storm is relentless and unforgiving, flooding homes and roads with each new torrential downpour. In Los Angeles, a massive cleanup is underway. Overnight, up to eight inches of rain triggered landslides, leaving behind a pile of mud in Valley neighborhood. A large sinkhole created by the rainfall swallowed two cars. A mother and daughter had to be rescued. Even train commuters had to navigate flood waters inside Union Station. In northern California, this is what a stretch of the busy 101 freeway near San Francisco looks like. Meanwhile, a rising Sacramento river heightened concerns as crews patrolled levees around the clock, looking for any signs of trouble. The record weather is also wreaking havoc on the Central Coast. 
