---
title: CBS Evening News 10.15.23
date: 2023-10-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Israel is mobilized right now for war as the country prepares to launch a ground invasion into Hamas-controlled Gaza. Border clashes are intensifying. Aerial bombardments of the territory devastating. You can see there hundreds of thousands of Palestinians with no where to go. Tonight, Secretary of State A.B is in Jordan wrapping meetings with Arab leaders in six nations. He returns to Israel in just a few hours. 

Israeli Prime Minister B.N convened an emergency cabinet for the first time today vowing to demolish Hamas while Israeli military said they are ready and waiting for the order to launch the invasion. Under bombardment and under siege ahead of looming ground offensive, Gaza is already edging ever closer humanitarian catastrophe. Authorities say more than two thousand four hundred people killed, a quarter of them children. Nearly ten thousand wounded. A situation so grim they’re using ice cream trucks as makeshift morgues. Hundreds of thousands of residents fleeing south as the Israeli military ordered them to evacuate from the north. The World Health Organization called the forced evacuation of twenty-two hospitals tantamount to a death sentence with babies on incubators and those in intensive care. Israel announcing today it was resuming water supplies to Southern Gaza after shutting down to the entire territory earlier this week. Fighting has broken out in the north too. Israeli forces shelling southern Lebanon after the militant group Hezbollah fired rockets into Israel. Near to Gaza, Israeli armor has been massing. Along what has now become a militarized zone lies the Kfar Aza Kibbutz, the site of a massacre against Israeli civilians. The sheer destruction and bodies of Hamas gunman tell the horrors that unfolded when the terrorist group descended on this small farming community. 
