---
title: CBS Evening News 03.04.23
date: 2023-03-05 21:09:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Extreme weather sweep across the country. At least twelve people have died following severe storms in several states. Out west, Californians are reeling. Record snow falls, some powered by high winds, dropped more than twelve feet of snow over parts of the state in the last few days. The heavy snow has been buried neighborhoods, collapsed roofs, trapping some people in their homes for days. Further east, more than eight hundred thousand people are without power across five states, following severe storms, floodings, high winds and multiple tornadoes. 

The good news is no rain right now. But all over LA, what you’re seeing is trails washed out, trees down, and up in the mountain folks still snowed after this epic storm caught many off guard. Snapped trees, down powerlines and thousands trapped in their homes as crashing snow in the mountains in the southern California has many running out of food and power. The National Guard is going door to door, shoveling snow to clear paths. But even with the other first responders helping, it could take up to a week to reach everyone. In northern California, there is no time to dig out as another storm blankets the Sierra Nevada. New England residents joined the millions nationwide bracing for another winter storm. The strong system destroyed several storms across the south after bringing hail, tornadoes and powerful winds. Back in southern California, a rain-saturated cliff gave way Friday, and several homes are in danger of tumbling down. And for those in the mountains, the fear and frustration still remain. 
