---
title: CBS Evening News 06.27.23
date: 2023-06-28 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with powerful storms pounding the east coast, causing another day of headaches for airlines and thousands of passengers. Airports in the northeast were filled with long lines and frustrated travelers who face hundreds of delays and cancellations today due to the weather. The domino effect has been felted at airports nationwide this week with more than twenty-three thousand flight delays and more than five thousand cancelations since Sunday. From the thunderstorms and torrential rains in the northeast, to the record-breaking temperatures from Texas to Florida. Nearly ninety million Americans are under heat alerts tonight with triple digit feels-like temperatures expected in parts of at least ten states on Wednesday, including the entire state of Texas. 

The people you see behind me are United Airlines passengers with canceled flights. They’ve been waiting for hours in this line behind me which stretches down the terminal for a confirmed flight, most of them just trying to get home. But the current projections are flight conditions won’t improve anytime soon. It’s yet another travel meltdown. Several days of severe weather causing chaos at airports, especially in the Northeast. United Airlines hit the hardest with roughly one hundred and fifty thousand passengers impacted since the weekend. Thousands have been stranded at Newark Airport. Partly to blame is a series of thunderstorm systems leading to torrential rains and flash flooding across parts of New Jersey and Pennsylvania with wind gusts up to seventy miles per hour. In the south, dangerous heat is raising concerns.
