---
title: CBS Evening News 12.29.23
date: 2023-12-30 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are following several developing stories as 2023 comes to an end and a new year about to begin. That includes security concerns as millions gathered for New Year’s Eve celebrations. Preparations are underway in some of the nation’s biggest cities with the FBI warning of an increased risks of attacks. Tonight, we speak with NYPD about keeping a ball drop safe. And a New Year means new loss for half the county that means minimum wage is going up. We’ll take a look at how the increase impacts workers and businesses. But we begin with the weather and millions of Americans bracing for rain, wind and possible flooding. There is also risk of more massive waves like the one that slammed the California coast. Some as high as twenty-five feet, damaging homes and prompting evacuations. 

Communities all up and down, the California coast hit hard by this powerful storm. Arguably, some of the worst damage here in the coast community Aptos, they really got hit hard. A lot of people who have lived here in this northern California community really said it was kind of insult injury. They were already putting their homes and businesses back together from the last round of powerful storms. Massive waves crashing a shore in southern California sent people running Thursday. Ocean water surged into streets and flooded local businesses. This video shows the moment of wave breached sea walls sweeping away nearly twenty by standers and injuring eight who were taken to the hospital Thursday. Powerful winter storms in the Pacific Ocean whipped up the dangerous surf along the entire west coast putting nearly five million residents under high surf of warning. In northern California, some seaside businesses were forced to close and residents are now having to cleanup.
