---
title: CBS Evening News 12.12.23
date: 2023-12-13 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today is especially busy for President B who is handling a number of foreign policy crises. One of those critical global security issues, the Israel-Hamas war. Today, the president’s harshest words yet, saying privately, but many of his own party have been urging him to say publicly. Israel needs to change how it is fighting this war because the country is losing international support. But Israel shows no signs of slowing down, today reportedly beginning an effort to start flooding those tunnels, more on that in just a moment. First, the big news here in Washington. Ukraine’s President Z in town making the case that Ukraine needs billions more in military funding or Russia will win the war and push even further into Europe. Republicans say their focus is the US border. Without policy changes there, more money for Ukraine won’t happen. Lawmakers leave Washington Friday for the holiday, so time is running out. 

President B personally invited President Z to come to Washington and directly urge Congress to act quickly on more funding. But tonight, it looks like the face-to-face sales pitch didn’t work. Tonight, a plea from President V.Z to the United States. The Ukrainian leader praised his country’s battlefield success noting it has taken back fifty percent of land seized by Russia. And in a bid to win over Republican skeptics, ninety percent of American security aid is being spent by the defense industry in the US. Standing by President Z, President B blasted Republicans for slowing the aid. But Ukrainian leader’s visit did little to win over Republicans who say the aid likely won’t be approved by the end of the year. Despite the Pentagon warning it is running low funds to Ukraine. The GOP has said it will only support Ukraine in exchange for the B administration agreeing to changes in southern border security amid a record number of illegal crossing in recent weeks. CBSN has learned the White House is telling lawmakers it might be willing to support new polices to expel migrants without asylum screenings. What to do about the border is part of a bigger negotiation to provide another sixty-one billion dollars to Ukraine through next fall, plus more for Israel and Taiwan. In Russia, a Kremlin spokesman said it would be watching the B Z meeting very carefully. 
