---
title: CBS Evening News 08.15.23
date: 2023-08-16 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are live again tonight from Maui reporting from America’s fiftieth state, Hawaii, because it is grappling with the worst natural disaster in its history. Today marks one week since the wildfires tore through Lahaina, but the search and recovery for victims is just in the beginning stages. The death toll stands nearly one hundred but that number is expected to grow dramatically in the coming days. The National Guard and twenty cadaver dogs continue the painstaking search for victims in the burned-out ruins. The Maui Police Department revealing just tonight, that they have identified four victims it’s calling on family members with missing loved ones to give the DNA samples. Lahaina is the hardest hit community but right here in Hula, known as “upcountry”. Fires are still burning. Moments ago, we just witnessed crews putting out new hotspots. President B today making his first in-depths remarks about the tragedy, and promising to visit. 

As Lahaina still smolders, it’s a race to finish recovery efforts before forecasted rain, possibly hampering the search for remains. The historic town closed off, authorities warning about toxic hazards. Today, officials were only able to identified four people using their fingerprints, but we’re learning more tonight about victims found by their families. We witnessed the devastation first hand, traveling to Lahaina by boat with volunteers delivering supplies. 
