---
title: CBS Evening News 12.19.23
date: 2023-12-20 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news out of Colorado where the state’s supreme court just ruled that D.T is disqualified to be president under the insurrection clause of the constitution. We are going to have more on that news in just a moment. But we do want to begin with weather because just one week before Christmas, hundreds of thousands of Americans are without power tonight after what the National Weather Service is calling a one-hundred-year flood. An intense storm pummeled northeast and is still causing problems. Four states are experiencing major floodings tonight. Rivers are still rising and inundating neighborhoods. Rescue teams tonight are looking people out of their homes and cars. So far, the storm is blamed for at least five deaths from Florida to New England. 

The massive amount of rainfall saw in this part of the country caused the Passaic River go from picturesque to panic inducing. It’s overflowing its banks, triggering flood warnings, and, of course, putting lives at risk. It’s a post-storm scene we are seeing repeated throughout the northeast. The deadly storm system left scenes of flooding, buckled roads, and downed powerlines in its wake from mid-Atlantic to the northeast. In Jackson Falls, New Hampshire, newly melted snow fueled raging rivers and floods. First responders were using drones to search for two people missing in Mexico, Maine. A swollen caused by five inches of rain swept their car away on Monday. 
