---
title: CBS Evening News 06.21.23
date: 2023-06-22 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with a major development in the search of that missing submersible in the Atlantic Ocean. Coast Guard officials says the vessel a, quote, “catastrophic implosion” near the wreckage of the Titanic killing all five people on board. It’s the worst possible outcome for the international team of rescuers who were racing against time to save their lives of those passengers. Earlier today, two debris fields were discovered less than two thousand feet from the Titanic by Canadian ship’s remotely-operated vehicle. It was scanning the ocean floor. Experts say the debris fields are consistent with a catastrophic loss of the pressure chamber. The Coast Guard said five major pieces of the vessel have been found but it is not clear if the recovery of the bodies will ever be possible. 

The Coast Guard here in Boston which led the international search efforts says it’s too soon to tell why the submersible imploded. They’re offering condolences to the families of the five passengers on board who lost their lives. A tragic end to a frantic search. The debris of the missing submersible Titan was found about sixteen hundred feet from the Titanic wreckage. The cause of the implosion is still unknown, but all five people aboard were killed. OceanGate founder S.R, billionaire H.H, Pakistani businessman S.D and his nineteen years old son and French explorer PH.N. The Titan has been missing since Sunday, when it descended to the Titanic wreckage site about two and a half miles beneath the North Atlantic. Sparking a massive international search covering about ten thousand square miles. The company OceanGate Expeditions charges $250,000 to see the Titanic up close. But OceanGate has faced criticism from a group of experts in the submersible industry who wrote a letter to the company in 2018 warning of possible catastrophic problems. One of those experts, W.K said the Titan hadn’t passed safety standards. 
