---
title: CBS Evening News 09.26.23
date: 2023-09-27 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news. A judge just ruling that D.T, his sons Don Jr. and Eric, and the entire T Organization committed extensive and persistent fraud over a decade. The ruling says the former president the value of his assets by billions of dollars and then lied about his net worth on financial documents to banks and insurance companies. This now leads to the cancellation of the company’s New York business license, which means the T Organization could lose control over properties like T Tower in Midtown Manhattan. Tonight’s decision is a major win for New York Attorney General L.J, who is seeking a fine of $250 million and a permanent ban on the T Organization including T himself from doing business in New York state.

D.T launched his political career saying he’d mastered the art of deal. The judge has ruled T inflated some of his net worth and some of those deals. A judge has found D.T engaged in fraud overinflating the worth of his real estate holdings and misleading banks and insurers. The ruling comes days before the T Organization is to stand trial in a civil case alleging years of fraud and misconduct, brought by New York Attorney General L.J last year. In the ruling, the judge found T and top executives at the T Organization lied about his assets in order to secure favorable loans and lower insurance premiums. In one instance, claiming his ten thousand square foot apartment was roughly thirty thousand square feet. The judge summarizing T’s approach to bookkeeping, “This is a fantasy world, not the real world”. The lawsuit from Attorney General J seeks a quarter of a billion dollars. When T was deposed in the case in August of last year, he pleaded the Fifth and repeated it more than four hundred times. T has repeatedly denied wrongdoing and lashed out at J for bringing the suit. In a statement to CBSN, a T spokesperson calls the ruling fundamentally flawed. The judge also ordered sanctions of some of T’s attorneys saying some of the arguments were “frivolous”.
