---
title: CBS Evening News 01.02.23
date: 2023-01-03 20:35:55
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, as we begin the broadcast on this first Monday of the new year, thousands of airline passengers are facing more delays after an air traffic control computer glitch. We are going to have an update on that in just a moment. Plus, new details about the man accused of attacking three New York City’s police officers near Times Square in New Year’s Eve, charged today with attempted murder. Authorities are investigating if the suspect was motivated by Islamic extremism. But first, the new year has brought record rainfall, deadly flooding and high winds to northern California. A weather event known as an atmospheric river had dumped nearly half foot of rain in some areas, forcing evacuations in low lying communities. The system is now moving east, stretching from the Rockies to the Great Lakes and to the South bringing tornadoes threats to half a dozen states. We’ll have a forecast in just a moment. 

The storm was so strong, it broke a levee that was recently reinforced to last until the year 2050. It cost twenty million dollars. Tonight, this neighborhood looks like a lake, the flooding will likely only grow as it continues to rain. Too much rain in California all at once. Levees were breached, cars stranded, leading to dozens of rescues, several by helicopter. One driving along this flooded so deceptively deep. At least one death is already blamed on the storm. In Sacramento County, a flood advisory is in place tonight. In San Francisco, nearly five and half inches of rain fell in twenty-four hours this weekend. The second wettest day since the Gold-Rush era, submerging neighborhoods and the iconic Fisherman’s Warf. East of Sacramento, parts of the Sierra Nevada have been pounded by nearly four feet of snow from the latest storm that has now moved into the Rockies, ravaging Colorado, triggering this avalanche at Telluride. A skier died in another at Breckenridge. Possible tornadoes have already caused damage in parts of the south including Arkansas. Today, in California, a small break in the weather officials using the lull to sandbag and brace for the next storm. And tonight, crews are also working to fix that broken levee. Meanwhile, hundreds of people remain under a mandatory evacuation and for good reason. More heavy rain and snow is in the forecast for Wednesday.
