---
title: CBS Evening News 03.23.23
date: 2023-03-24 20:53:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, nearly fifty million Americans are in the path of dangerous weather as that storm system that spawned a bomb cyclone in California moves east. Plus in tonight’s Eye on America, we visit a small West Virginia town that’s still recovering from a “once in lifetime” flood. But first, the CEO of TikTok facing tough questions from lawmakers today during an often tense hearing about the safety and security of the popular social media app. Members of both parties grilled S.C about the company’s ties to China and harmful content pushed on children. The future of TikTok here in United States along with its one hundred and fifty million US users remains up in the air with the B administration threatening to ban the app. A new CBSN poll shows sixty one percent of Americans support that ban. 

This was a grueling hearing that lasted more than five hours as TikTok’s CEO defended his platform in his appearance in Capitol Hill. From the beginning, S.Z.C, the CEO of the most downloaded app in the past two years, faced intense scrutiny. The TikTok executive tried to reassure lawmakers with a commitment to safety. And he insisted the video sharing platform is not an arm of the Chinese government despite being owned by a parent company ByteDance based in Beijing. C said the company is working to build a firewall, dubbed Project Texas, to store and protect user data in the US. Lawmakers also pressed C on harmful content aimed at younger users from buying drugs on the app to dangers of some TikTok challenges and videos promoting eating disorders and suicide behaviors. President B has banned the app on government devices along at least two dozen states. Congress is considering at least three bills that would further restrict TikTok or implement a nationwide ban. Tonight, the company accused the House Panel of political grandstanding and warned a ban could violate the first amendment and hurt the livelihoods of millions of users.  
