---
title: CBS Evening News 06.14.23
date: 2023-06-15 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the dangerous threat to tens of millions of Americans. The south is bracing for a second rounds of storms tonight and into the overnight hours. This marks one of the nation’s most severe weather events since early spring. At least eight confirmed twisters touched down in Alabama and Georgia, leaving a path of destruction across several communities. Some areas have already seen significant damage, including roofs being ripped off homes, uprooted trees and down powerlines, all scattered across roadways. Fortunately, there are no reports of injuries. Authorities from Texas to Florida have issued watches and warnings for residents to remain cautious and limit travel areas where damage has occurred. 

A half dozen reported tornadoes made for an unnerving few hours of weather across the south this afternoon and toppled the side of this Alabama business. Tonight, recovery from several tornadoes that tore across Alabama and Georgia today. A severe weather outbreak pummeling states from north to south. In Abbeville, Alabama, a reported large tornado cut through, damaging a few buildings while nearby Eufaula fared worse, a twister downing trees and powerlines. The storms are part of a late-season system parked over the southeast, bringing waves of severe weather and record rainfall to the region. Yesterday, the system brought baseball-sized hail to Texas. And temperatures in the Lone Star state will top triple digits for much of the next week. 
