---
title: CBS Evening News 10.25.23
date: 2023-10-26 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the world is waiting and watching for a ground invasion in Gaza. In a nationally televised address tonight, Israeli Prime Minister B.N warns Hamas is doomed and that his military is getting prepared and that his government is working around the clock until reaches victory. But there’s no word on what that means. It comes as Gaza’s health system is on the brink of collapse. The World Health Organization says roughly a third of the territory’s hospitals are offline and not functioning as a result of air strikes and the lack of supplies like fuel and medicine. But we begin right here in Washington with a major breakthrough in the House of Representatives. After three weeks of chaos and dysfunction among Republicans, the GOP finally came together to elect a new speaker of the House. Conservative M.J of Louisianna got the required two hundred and seventeen votes to take the gavel. That is something three other nominees failed to do. 

Speaker J defied the odds. Coming into this race, he was relatively unknown. Now he has been catapulted to second in line the presidency. Winning unanimously on the first ballot, Louisiana Congressman M.J claimed what had become a very elusive speaker’s gavel after three weeks of stalled business without a permanent leader. The fifty-one-year-old J is an evangelical Christian, former conservative radio talk show host, and in just his fourth term in Congress, the least experienced speaker in decades. But he managed to unite both the hard-right and establishment flanks of the party who fought bitterly over who should lead. Democrats railed against J, a staunch ally of former President T who helped lead a congressional push to overturn the 2020 election results. Representing Northwest Louisiana, J has taken a sharp stance against gay right and supports a nationwide abortion ban without exceptions. Florida Republican M.G, who led the effort to remove K.M as a speaker said the hardliners won. 
