---
title: CBS Evening News 12.05.23
date: 2023-12-06 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with breaking news about America’s national security and the warnings from the FBI to local state and federal law enforcement about the possibility of terror attacks right here on the homeland. CBSN got a look at a new joint bulletin that warns that groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS will likely use Israel-Hamas war to increase calls for violence in the US this holiday season. The bulletin says the most likely primary targets could include churches, synagogues and the members of Jewish community. Today, the FBI director was telling senators that the US is facing the highest risk of attack in years, that there are blinking lights everywhere and warning terrorists will exploit the southern border. The head of the FBI says the bureau is working to identify and disrupt these potential attacks with foreign terrorist groups openly calling for strikes against Americans. He also said the number of threats is at a whole other level since the Oct.7th attack on Israel. 

The intelligence chatter is almost elevated during the holiday, but this year government analysts expect heightened rhetoric, with terrorist groups and their media outlets latching onto the conflict. With Israeli military bearing down on southern Gaza and Hanukkah only days away, the new intelligence report, reviewed by CBSN, warns of increased threats from foreign terrorist groups and mirrors FBI Director C.W’s testimony today on Capitol Hill. In stark language, the intelligence report predicts ISIS and al-Qaeda will likely use the Middle East conflict to increase calls for violence in the US this holiday season compared to prior years as new details emerge about alleged pilot to attack Las Vegas. Authorities arrested a sixteen-year-old suspect who allegedly wrote on social media about launching a lone wolf attack in support of ISIS. A home-made flag and other articles allegedly recovered along with bomb parts. On Capitol Hill, a stark warning from the FBI chief. With the spike in threats since the war began, the intelligence report warns “civilian casualties in Gaza whether real, perceived, or falsified or the increased presence of US military forces in direct support of Israel” will likely be exploited by terrorist groups.
