---
title: CBS Evening News 11.12.23
date: 2023-11-13 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with some breaking news. The US carried out two airstrikes on what US military official say is a training facility in the safe house in Eastern Syria. Defense Secretary L.A said the strikes were in response to Iran-linked attacks on American personnel. The strikes come four days after two US warplanes hit a munitions warehouse in the same region. Turning now to the Israel-Hamas war. Tonight, Gaza’s largest hospital is caught in the crossfire. The World Health Organization today called for urgent action to end the ongoing attacks on hospitals, saying “The world cannot stand silent while hospitals which should be safe havens, are transformed into scenes of death”. Meanwhile, CBSN has learned negotiations to free the hostages taken by Hamas are ongoing as Qatar continues to mediate dealmaking. About two hundred and forty hostages remain in Gaza following the terrorist organization’s Oct.7th raids which triggered the war. 

Today marks thirty-seven days since those hostages were kidnapped by Hamas and now President B’s senior Middle East advisor B.M will be traveling this week to focus on efforts to release them. They came in their thousands chanting “Now, now”. Israeli demanding the immediate release of nearly two hundred and forty loved ones abducted by Hamas on Oct.7th. A remainder, when it comes to pain, there are no winners after more than five weeks of war. In Gaza City, fierce street-to-street battles around several hospitals, including the largest, Al-Shifa, now a front line. 
