---
title: CBS Evening News 01.07.23
date: 2023-01-08 19:30:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It took ballots and some heated moments. But tonight, Congress finally has a new House Speaker. K.M won earlier this morning, putting an end to days of raucous debate and a historic standoff with emboldened hardline Republicans, the GOP strife playing out for all to see and ending with arm twisting, flaring tempers and phone calls from the former President D.T. 

It was certainly a late night here on Capitol Hill. Today, President B called Speaker M to congratulate him on his victory. And overnight, the White House released a statement saying the president is prepared to work with House of Republicans to quote “ensure that we’re putting the interest of American families first”. After four days, fourteen failed votes, and a furious Friday night negotiation. The Speaker is in the House. In order to grab the gavel, the new speaker made several concessions including making it easier for any members to oust him and giving his more conservative Republicans opponents two seats on the Rules Committee. The first looming concern seems to be the debt ceiling. Look, those six holdouts have already said they’re not going to authorize an increase in America’s credit limit without specific spending cuts. And those spending cuts they want are likely to put them on a collision course with Democrats the Senate and the White House potentially putting American credit rating at risk.
