---
title: CBS Evening News 07.12.23
date: 2023-07-13 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with dangerous warnings as a heat dome blankets much of the nation with more extreme weather on the way. More than one hundred million Americans are under heat alerts with triple digit feels-like temperatures in sixteen states. Those brutal conditions are in the south and west with Arizona, the hotspot for record-breaking heart, approaching one hundred and twenty degrees. Even for a state that’s used to high temps, the ongoing stretch of scorching heat is posing a serious health risk. The National Weather Service says heat is the top weather-related killer each year. And in the northeast, Vermont remains in a state of emergency with officials just beginning to assess the damage from those historic floods. More storms are forecast across the region, including for areas that have already seen two months of rain in just two days. 

For thirteen straight days, the temperature here in Phoenix area have hit at least one hundred and ten degrees. The record is eighteen straight days. That was set in 1974. And that record is in jeopardy after another day of triple digits. As searing heat continues to cook the Phoenix area, this Salvation Army respite center offers a break from the baking temperatures. The cooling center is one of more than two hundred in Phoenix area where people can rest in the AC, take a cool shower or grab a cold water. Warning signs of heat stroke include dizziness, nausea and confusion. Southern California will share the misery starting Friday as temperatures are forecasted up to one hundred and thirteen degrees over LA county. While parts of the west cope with heat, swaths of the northeast are disaster zone after heavy rain and catastrophic flooding. 
