---
title: CBS Evening News 05.15.23
date: 2023-05-16 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with breaking news on the two hundred and twenty fifth mass shooting in the United States this year that has brought devastation to another community. At least three people were killed and nine others wounded including two police officers in Farmington, New Mexico. That’s a city about one hundred and eighty miles northwest of Albuquerque. Video from the scene shows vehicles which appear to have been run off the road after being targeted by the gunman. Every school across the city of nearly fifty thousand residents were placed in lockdown as the rampage unfolded. Officials say the two officers were injured during the shootout with the suspect who was later killed on the scene. CBSN has just learned that the gunman was eighteen years old. 

Dramatic audio as police in Farmington, New Mexico raced to the latest mass shooting, the manhunt urgent. Officers find the suspect, shown on this cell phone video, pacing. Two officers were hurt as they exchanged fire. Bullets struck multiple cars. This one ran off the road. Several schools were locked down until police confirmed the shooter was a lone gunman. Investigators just beginning to mark possible evidence in the case. Tonight, there is no known motive for the shooting. New Mexico governor released a statement calling it another remainder of how gun violence destroyed lives. And at this hour, both of those law enforcement officers who were shot are in stable conditions. 
