---
title: CBS Evening News 12.26.23
date: 2023-12-27 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with seven million Americans under threat of a massive winter storm sweeping across the central US. Blizzard warnings and winter weather alerts are up across nine states from Colorado to Minnesota with snow, ice and high winds creating whiteout conditions. Several interstates face partial closures and slick roads resulted in dozens of crashes and at least one death. Elsewhere, millions of drivers are heading home from their Christmas vacation, while air travelers were hit with long delays in airports. On East Coast, big fog caused delays and flight diversions, including at Boston Logan Airport, in the post-holiday travel rush. 

According to the TSA, over twelve million passengers have crossed through security checkpoints from Thursday to Monday. And here at LaGuardia Airport things have gone pretty smoothly, but that hasn’t been the case for everyone across the country. Tonight, millions of Americans are packing airports and braving bad weather to get home after the holiday. Five states are under blizzard warning including Colorado until Wednesday. More than five hundred flights were delayed there today. Nearly two hundred cancelations lit up the departure board at Chicago’s Midway International Airport over the holiday, leaving travelers searching for a way out. Drivers also facing dangerous conditions and in Upstate New York overnight, seven people were sent to the hospital when fog led to this crash. 
