---
title: CBS Evening News 08.28.23
date: 2023-08-29 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are tracking increasingly dangerous situation down in Florida where two third of the state is under a state of emergency preparing for a major hurricane. Within the next thirty-six hours, the National Weather Service warns that tropical storm Idalia was strengthen to at least category three. Right now, the system is in the Caribbean, stalled over Cuba. The warm waters fueling the storm on its path to slam Florida’s Gulf Coast. Millions in the Sunshine State are under evacuation orders. Governor R.D telling Floridians, get to higher grounds and stay somewhere that can handle a hurricane of this magnitude. And we’re learning that President B spoke with the Republican governor this morning, offering the help of federal government for storm preps and clean up. Nearly eleven hundred National Guard members now activated and there are sandbag locations open and ready to help prepare for the catastrophic storm surge. 

Here, where I am, Pinellas County officials are not taking any chances. Nearly thirty-six hours before is set to hit some areas are already under mandatory evacuation orders and those people need to get to higher grounds. This is the first major hurricane to hit Florida this year and it’s going to bring with it strong winds and life-threatening storm surge. It’s all hands on deck in Tampa’s Hillsborough County, residents preparing for the potential power of Hurricane Idalia, filing sandbags, bracing for up to eleven feet of storm surge along the Florida coast. Nineteen counties are under evacuation orders. Officials warning millions of residents along Florida’s West Coast to get to higher ground. Supplies are quickly running out. This woman grabbed the last few remaining gallons of water at this Publix. Residents are being asked to keep their gas tanks at least half full. But there are concerns after gas was contaminated at twenty-nine gas stations across Florida. Tampa International Airport will close at midnight and will remain closed until after the storm. 
