---
title: CBS Evening News 02.16.23
date: 2023-02-17 20:29:23
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, four six million people are dealing with a dual threat of winter storms and possible tornadoes. That system is already dropping more than eight inches of snow in parts of Iowa, making for dangerous driving conditions. It is now moving east and could dump up to a foot of snow in Maine. Meanwhile, millions in the south are at risk for tornadoes, hail, and high winds. Also, in our eye on America tonight, black Americans are twice likely to die from heart disease than white Americans. But first, President B speaking in-depth for the first time about the Chinese spy balloon and those other objects discovered over the last two weeks. US officials now believe the three items shot down in North American airspace were likely tied to private companies or research groups. But the president did say he plans to speak with Chinese President X about the situation. 
These were the president’s most extensive comments yet about all four shoot downs. He said that the most of debris from the Chinese balloon has now been recovered from the Atlantic ocean. And he acknowledged that the three other objects which still have not been recovered likely won’t involved in spying at all. President B confirmed today that the three objects he ordered to shot down last weekend probably posed no threat to people on the ground. Newly enhanced military radar picked up the three objects on three consecutive days as it floated at the same height commercial airliners use. The objects were shot down by US fighter jets using missiles worth half a million dollars each. At least one hobby group has already come forward to say their homemade balloon went missing last Saturday, the same object over Canada’s Yukon territory. Chinese officials still deny, that the massive balloon that started this whole sage was used for spying. Today they accused the US of smearing them and escalating tension. US officials tell CBSN that there is a growing belief that the Chinese didn’t initially intend to fly the balloon across America. The Pentagon tracked the balloon as it lifted off from China’s Hainan Island two weeks ago, and began heading east toward Guam and Hawaii. The theory is that it was then blown off course by prevailing winds, first toward Alaska, and then down over the continental United States. 
