---
title: CBS Evening News 01.17.23
date: 2023-01-18 20:42:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are alarming new details about what the mayor of Albuquerque is calling politically motivated shootings. A failed Republican candidate is under arrest accused of hiring men to shoot at the homes of Democratic lawmakers. Plus, CBSN has new details on the timelines of the special counsel’s investigation into President B’s handling of classified documents. But first, we want to talk about those major storms pummeling the west coast and the aftermath as California crumbles. More than five hundred mudslides have already been reported and the danger continues even when the rains stops falling. That’s because the soils and hills are saturated, increasing the risk of landslides, mudslides and sinkholes. California governor saying today at least twenty people have died from the storms and President B is set to tour the damage on Thursday. 

There is destruction from north of San Francisco to south of San Diego. Take a look at this, the ground beneath this road gave out. The crew is working to repair this mountain highway tell us damage stretches here more than thirty miles and that is the story across the Golden State night. The deluge has stopped, but the danger continues. A mudslide stopped this commuter train in its tracks on the tracks. More than two hundred passengers onboard had to be evacuated. In Berkely, mud poured through M.C’s home of more than twenty years, one of eight in the area deemed unlivable. Since New Year’s, California has experienced more than five hundred landslides spanning the entire state from the mountains to the coast. On 2005, this slide on a clear morning swallowed up the community of La Conchita, 10 people died.
