---
title: CBS Evening News 12.01.23
date: 2023-12-02 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with history in the House of Representatives and expulsion of Republican G.S from the halls of Congress. What happened today was rare since the first Congress of 1789 with eleven thousand lawmakers have served in the House and just five expelled. That is until today S is now the sixth. What also is rare is the bipartisan vote like we saw today. Two weeks ago, the House Ethics Committee released a scathing report that even S’s fellow Republicans could not ignore. Some of the details were surprising, the committee accused the New Yorker of using campaign money to pay personal credit card bills and to shop in Sephora even allegedly spending thousands of dollars at Hermes. Getting kicked out of Congress isn’t the thirty-five-year-old’s only concern, he could still face decades in prison for nearly two dozen federal charges. 

A Congress that already made history with the first ever removal of US House Speaker and two near government shutdowns. Today? Expel one of its own. G.S began putting on his coat even as the vote to expel him was still underway. Chased by reporters and riding off from the Capitol in a Jaguar as a former Congressman. His final remark reportedly “Why would I want to stay here? To hell with this place”. Dozens of his fellow Republicans joined nearly all Democrats voting to make S one of only three US House members to be expelled since the US civil war as Congressional maintenance crews changed the lock of his doors and removed his nameplate. Members of both parties who labeled S as a crooked and a distraction celebrated the move
