---
title: CBS Evening News 02.17.23
date: 2023-02-18 13:19:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
First, a counterterrorism raid in east Syria got four US service members injured. Three of the four had wounded serious enough, they need to be evacuated to a military hospital in Germany. The US military operation took out senior ISIS leader H.O who supplied suicide invests to other operatives. 

A leader of the ISIS terrorist network in Syria is dead, but at the price of four wounded Americans. US special operation forces went in by helicopter and surrounded the non-descripted house in northeast of Syria. But as they closed in on their target, an explosion, either a suicide vest or hand grenade went off. It is a constant threat. In 2019, when commandos raided the Syrian compound of the ISIS leader A.B, he blew up himself and three children to avoid capture. Last year, A.Q, another leader of the ISIS, set off a booby trap that leveled the third floor of his house, killing himself, his wife and two children. This time, the target was H.AH, in Al-Khajjah. And this time, he apparently waited for the Americans to get close enough. There are about nine hundred American troops in the Syria, working with local Syrian force to keep the ISIS terrorist network from staging a comeback. It’s a deadly game. But no American troops were killed or wounded in all of last year. 
