---
title: CBS Evening News 11.20.23
date: 2023-11-21 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the holiday travel rush kicking into high gear, but severe weather could cause chaos at airports and on the roads. AAA estimates a near record number of Americans, fifty-five millions, will travel more than fifty miles from their home this year with a majority of them driving to their Thanksgiving Day destinations. A major storm system, however, moving across the country could bring travel disruptions from the southern plains to the northeast. 

Millions of Americans are already on the move for Thanksgiving trying to beat the rush they’re caught up in the middle of. Now, so far, it’s moved pretty well, only about sixty flights cancelation today for example. But the weather becomes a big question mark starting tomorrow. The holiday travel time is now. J.G and J.R’s family left Miami early to beat the Thanksgiving travel rush heading for Paris. Airlines expect their busiest Thanksgiving ever. Since Thursday, more than ten million have already passed through TSA checkpoints, well ahead of 2019 prepandemic numbers. With nearly fifty thousand scheduled flights expected Wednesday alone, the FAA is opening an extra airspace along the east coast usually reserved for military. AAA expects most Americans to take their Turkey trip on the road, fueled by gas prices $0.37 cheaper than last year. 
