---
title: CBS Evening News 06.12.23
date: 2023-06-13 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The first federal prosecution of a former president or current president of the United States. D.T arrived in Miami this afternoon ahead of his arraignment tomorrow, after being charged with mishandling classified documents and obstructing justice. Sources close to T’s legal team tell CBSN they expect him to plead not guilty. Security is tight, between Secret Service protecting and federal, state, and local law enforcement officials on alert for protests. Some crowd estimates are in the thousands. S

The former president is huddling with his attorneys tonight in Florida. Sources say when he arrives at the courthouse tomorrow, he will plead not guilty. They also said T’s legal strategy at this time is directed by him and comes down to one phase, fight everything. The former President arrived in Florida this afternoon, prepare for his second arraignment in three months. Police have ramped up security outside the Miami courthouse where he’ll be processed. T and his allies have called for protests. And former Arizona gubernatorial candidate issued a veiled warning. Law enforcement sources say they’re monitoring plans for pro-T rallies, including one that may be organized by the proud boys. And violent online rhetoric has surged since indictment. The former President has remained defiant since the thirty-seven-count indictment was handed it up Friday, attacking the Special Counsel J.S. Several T’s 2024 rivals have echoed his grievance about the Justice Department. But former South Carolina Governor N.H also questioned T’s conduct. 
