---
title: CBS Evening News 07.18.23
date: 2023-07-19 21:53:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with extraordinary news that the former President of the United States D.T is facing another potential federal indictment. We learned today that T got a warning in the form of a target, informing him that he is the target of the investigation for his efforts to overturn the 2020 election results. And that letter offers the former president a chance to testify before the federal grand jury that is meeting right here in Washington DC. And this criminal case comes amid an election season that is already heating up. Sources tell CBSN that it was hours ago that T called House Speaker K.M to try and talk about strategy on how to defend the president. It was just last month T became the first president in American history, current or former, to be criminally charged by the Department of Justice. And that was for his alleged mishandling of classified documents. The historic nature of today cannot be overstated. 

For the second time in just two months, former President D.T receiving a target letter from Special Counsel J.M, signaling a possible indictment, this time, about the aftermath of the 2020 election. The former president confirmed the development on social media, lashing out at the special counsel, calling him deranged, revealing he was given four days to report to a grand Jury, saying an arrest and indictment were expected. Although it was unclear which specific charges T could face, his refusal to concede the 2020 election, false claims of election denial, and push for allies to fight to keep him in office, including on January 6 are well documented. Witnesses from T’s inner circle have testified and T applied pressure to a sprawling group of stakeholders, as he fought to stay in power, including his own vice president, state election officials, members of Congress and leaders at the Justice Department. The question now is whether T’s latest problem create an opening for his trailing Republican rivals.
