---
title: CBS Evening News 02.07.23
date: 2023-02-08 22:07:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B is set to address the nation tonight likely to what is going to be the largest television audience of the year for him. He’ll be touting his accomplishments. And we’ve just learned that he will directly address Republicans, urging them to work with him. The other major news tonight is about the quick-thinking flight attendants preventing a midair disaster after a fire started right after takeoff. Tonight, what caused the fire, we’ll have more on that in just a moment. But we want to begin with overseas. Time is running out for victims buried in Turkey and Syria after that massive earthquake with the death toll of at least nearly eight thousand. Officials are warning the end of critical three day timeframe to rescue the people is approaching, and freezing conditions are making the research effort even more difficult. And we’re seeing these heartbreaking scenes like this one, a grieving father hold the hands of his fifteen-year-old daughter who died when their apartment building collapsed. A US Air Force plane loaded with supplies and members of an urban search and rescue team from Virginia took off just this morning headed to the disaster zone. 

The devastation is hard to fathom. Nearly six thousand buildings destroyed just like this one behind me as the rescue effort goes on. And according to UNICEF, thousands of children could be trapped or killed beneath buildings like this one across the devastated area. But tonight, there are also extraordinary images of babies surviving despite impossible odds. 
