---
title: CBS Evening News 05.12.23
date: 2023-05-13 21:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news and a guilty verdict in the trial of an Idaho mom accused of killing her two youngest children. The case gripped the nation and revolves around a doomsday cult, the apocalypse, and L.V.D’s belief that evil spirits have turned her kids into zombies. Well, a jury convicted V.D in the murders of sixteen-years-old T.R and seven-year-old J.V. She was also found guilty of conspiring to kill her husband’s first wife who she viewed as a romantic rival. Prosecutors called about sixty witnesses during the trial and presented evidence that included DNA, explicit text messages and Google searches. The defense? They didn’t call a single witness.

L.D showed no reaction as she was convicted for killing her own children, but a source close to the trial tells us she did react to her own attorney’s closing arguments. She was unhappy they tried to pivot and put the blame for the killings on her husband, C. The so-called Idaho doomsday mom learns her fate. It took less than seven hours for the jury to find L.V.D guilty on all charges including first degree murder of her two youngest children and conspiracy in the death of her husband C’s then-wife T. Family members were emotional after the verdict. This phone call was among the evidence, along with a hair matching L.V.D’s DNA found on the tape wrapped around J.J’s body. Prosecutors claimed she used her religion to justify the murders and funded her lifestyle with the kid’s social security checks and T’s life insurance. The defense rested without calling a single witness. They argue she fell victim to her cult-leader husband. V.D could face life behind bars when she is sentenced. Her husband, C, will be trialed separately in the coming months. He could face the death penalty if he’s convicted. 
