---
title: CBS Evening News 04.04.23
date: 2023-04-05 21:10:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Former President D.J.T was arrested, booked, read his rights and the indictment against him unsealed, tonight, T addressing supporters for the first time from the ballroom at his Mar-a-Lago resort. The 49th president of the United States pleaded not guilty to thirty four felony counts of falsifying business records in the first degree. According to the indictment, the thirty four counts were part of an elaborate scheme to conceal crimes that damaging information from the voting public during the 2016 presidential election. They include claims by a doorman that T fathered a child out of wedlock now known to be not true, as well as hush money payments to hide sexual relationships with two different women including former porn star S.D. T denies the allegations and calls the investigation a witch hunt. 

A site unlike any in American history, a former president brought here to Manhattan to be criminally indicted. The prosecutor here accuses D.T of paying hush money to undermine the 2016 presidential election. A defiance stance from former President T as he left T Tower this morning, but after waving to supporters as he entered Manhattan Criminal Court surrendered to authorities, and briefly appeared before cameras. T looked noticeably somber. He had been arrested, the first formal criminal charges for any former president. There was reportedly no mugshot taken but he was fingerprinted and given a case number like any other defendant. Flanked by his lawyers inside the courtroom. T listened as the judge’s clerk read off the charges against him. Asked for a plea, the former president remained seated and said “not guilty”. He said nothing as he left the courtroom. T is charged with thirty-four felony counts of falsifying business records to conceal hush money payments to three individuals who were threatening to reveal negative information about him during the 2016 election. 
