---
title: CBS Evening News 01.24.24
date: 2024-01-25 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
You just heard from Boeing’s CEO as America’s largest airplane manufacturer is under increased scrutiny. The FAA is now investigating a new incident after the front nose wheel of a Delta plane fell off over a weekend. We are also watching dangerous weather across the country. A state of emergency out West. The video of a dramatic water rescue of a woman who was stranded for fourteen hours. Well, that same storm system in the South now, thirty-six million people are under flood water across seven states. Why scientists are warning weather like this is becoming more common. But we begin with D.T’s double-digit win over N.H in New Hampshire. The big question tonight, what does that mean for the future of the former governor’s campaign? Take a look at this map. The former president’s back-to-back wins make the road forward complicated for H. And she is in South Carolina tonight. 

N.H insists she is still in the hunt for the Republican presidential nomination today after losing the New Hampshire primary. H’s persistence appears to frustrate D.T. South Carolina Senator L.G is one of more than one hundred and sixty of Congress backing T, a sign the GOP is rallying around his campaign. President B is already in general election mode saying it is now clear that D.T will be the Republican nominee and the stakes could not be higher. B used his endorsement today by the United Auto Workers to highlight the differences with T. 
