---
title: CBS Evening News 01.10.24
date: 2024-01-11 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are following a number of breaking news stories tonight with a major shakeup in the race for the 2024 Republican nomination. Former New Jersey C.C just suspending his presidential campaign just five days before Iowa caucuses. Our new reporting tonight who he might endorse and if it will change the Republican battle. Plus, those winter storms slammed the Northeast, with flooding in New Hampshire, Connecticut, and New Jersey. And authorities in Florida are now assessing those tornado damages. But first, there is more breaking news tonight with a major avalanche closing down a popular Lake Tahoe ski resort in California. Search teams and emergency crews just finished scouring the slopes in search of any missing skiers or snowboarders. We know that at least one person has died and at least three people are hurt. 

Peril at Palisades. First responders scrambled to search victims buried in the snow after an avalanche struck a ski resort near Lake Tahoe in Sierra Nevada. It happened around 9:30 AM local time at Palisades Tahoe just as an early group of skiers started to head down the mountain. These trails are popular with expert skiers and snowboarders due to the steep and rugged terrain. At least one other person was rescued with non-life-threatening injuries. 
