---
title: CBS Evening News 01.31.24
date: 2024-02-01 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
So much has happened since we arrived here in the Middle East on Sunday. Each day we have learned of new attacks from Iranian-back militias. American soldiers have died and American warships and aircrafts are under fire. The number of attacks from Houthi militants are increasing, and some of their weapons are getting closer. A senior defense official here in Bahrain just moments ago telling us exclusively that about 10 minutes ago, the F-18 Super Hornets bombed ten unmanned drones in Western Yemen that were preparing to launch. That is how dynamic this situation is. Also, just hours ago, there was another attack. The USS Carney shooting down a ballistic missile and several drones that were heading their way. And we’re also learning new details about that attack on a US destroyer last night. That was the USS Gravely, and the Houthi missile came within a mile of the battleship, that is significant. Because it forced sailors to use their final line of defense. Bottom line, despite the B administration’s efforts to calm tensions, things are escalating. We are the first journalist to make the long trip to Red Sea embedding with the US Navy who describes this situation as increasingly dynamic and unprecedented. We just got back after getting a close-hand look.