---
title: CBS Evening News 03.09.24
date: 2024-03-10 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, dueling rallies in Georgia, a key battleground state. The B and T campaigns now pivoting toward their general election rematch. But first tonight, more issues for United Airlines. Another mid-air diversion today, this one in Chicago. The problem? An oil warning light. On Friday night, this United Airbus made an emergency landing at LAX because of hydraulics issue. For the airline, two disruptive incidents in the last twenty-four hours and six in the last week. And while no one was hurt, it is part of a pattern of problems taking flight in commercial aviation. 

It has been a tough week for United Airlines and its passengers. Six different jetliners have had problems, some forced to make emergency landings, including one late Friday here at LAX. The plane was United Airbus A320, with 110 people on board. It was headed from San Francisco to Mexico City but forced to land here after the crew reported a hydraulics issue. Everyone got off safely. It was one of six plane problems for United just this week. This jet slid off taxiway Friday while landing in Houston. Also, a wheel fell off a 777 on takeoff in San Francisco Thursday. On Monday, two more incidents including this midair engine fire. In a statement, United described these incidents as distinct and unrelated to one another. United isn’t alone with problems. An American Airlines jet in Miami clipped the tail of a parked Frontier jet. Today, a new development in this near-disaster when an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 Max 9 lost its so-called door plug in the air. The Justice Department now launching a criminal investigation. Still, this flier today not worried yet about airline safety. 
