---
title: CBS Evening News 02.28.24
date: 2024-02-29 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We do want to begin tonight with the dueling visits at the southern border. The two frontrunners in this year’s election, showcasing the record number of migrant crossings that are overwhelming resources along the border and in major cities across the country. President B was in Brownsville, Texas where he issued a political dare to D.T to join him in pressing House Republican to secure the border by passing the Senate’s bipartisan security bill. Now three hundred and twenty-five miles away, T was in Eagle Pass where he took a much different approach unleashing attacks on B, Democrats and migrants but not proposing a legislative solution. A record 2.4 million migrants were apprehended at the US-Mexican border in 2023 and immigration has become the top issue for many voters heading into the 2024 election.

The president, and the former president who wants to replace him in the White House played the blame game today along the US-Mexico border. President B said it was D.T who urged Republicans to kill the bill that would have beefed up the security. After a record number of illegal crossing last year, President B toured the border in Brownsville, Texas, is trying to show he is addressing an issue that more than sixty percent of voters call a very serious concern. But C.C of the border patrol said that with illegal crossing into this part of Texas down recently, the president has come too late. T, who visited Eagle Pass, more than three hundred miles away, continue to exploiting a crisis that he couldn’t solve either, hoping it will put him back in the White House. Allies say he is planning mass deportations and detention camps if elected. Today, he sought to falsely connect President B to the recently murder of a Georgia nursing student by a Venezuela migrant, who entered the country illegally in 2022. The president, who didn’t address T’s attacks, said they should work together. As president, T severely restricted asylum and required migrants await their court hearings in Mexico. When President B took office, he revered those policies but is now considering employing executive power used by T to suspend asylum. The former President also met with Texas Governor G.A today, who is at war with B administration for implementing his own border crackdown, installing National Guard troops and razor wire barriers in Eagle Pass.
