---
title: CBS Evening News 02.27.24
date: 2024-02-28 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with that major news from the US Supreme Court. The justices agreeing to consider whether D.T must stand trial over charges he plotted to overturn the 2020 presidential election. The former president has claimed that he is entitled to absolute immunity because he was president at the time, while a lower court has rejected that. And today, we’ve learned that the highest court in the land acknowledging the historic importance of this case will hear arguments the week of April 22th. That’s a little less than two months from now. And this sets the stage for a landmark ruling on presidential power. Just to give you some context, that week that the court will hear these arguments, D.T is expected to be sitting in a New York City courtroom for the criminal trial related to his alleged hush money payments to the porn star, S.D. 

Today’s decision means we can expect a blockbuster ruling by this summer, a ruling that could upend the 2024 election. The Supreme Court set the stage for landmark arguments in two months. Its order tonight says it will hear the arguments the week of April 22th into “whether and if so to what extent does a former president enjoy a presidential immunity from criminal prosecution for conduct alleged to involve official acts during his tenure in office”. The decision delays indefinitely the trail involving T’s efforts to overturn 2020 election. With a Supreme Court decision not expected until May or June. It could endanger chance to hold the trial here in Washington before the 2024 election. T faces four felony charges including conspiracy and obstruction, for allegedly plotting to defy voters and hold on to power. And Special Counsel J.S has argued T used the riotous attack on the Capitol by his supporters as a further tool to do so. His appeal claims he is immune from prosecution because the alleged acts were official act he took while he was president. It was rejected promptly by Judge T.C who said “presidents don’t have get-out-of-jail-free cards”. Then it was rejected again this month by a Washington DC, appeals court. Though it was rejected, the argument has succeeded in delaying this trail. The arguments that the Supreme Court set for the week of April 22th, that’s the week projected jury deliberations in the T’s DC trial.
