---
title: CBS Evening News 02.09.24
date: 2024-02-10 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B tonight is hitting back against the special counsel and the classified documents case. Even though no criminal prosecution was recommended, the White House says the report included “gratuitous and inappropriate criticism” when it comes to Mr. B’s age and memory. 

Tonight, the White House is doing damage control, defending President B’s mental fitness and accusing special counsel R.H once a T. appointee of taking partisan shots at the president. In the report, H. referred B’s memory at least nine times that it was “significantly limited” and appeared “hazy” that he had diminished faculties in advancing age and was a well-meaning, elderly man with a poor memory. In a hastily called press conference Thursday night, the president was visibly frustrated and became emotional over H’s mention that he could not remember when his son B. died. He insisted his memory was fine, but at one point President B confused the leaders of Egypt and Mexico. Some fellow Democrats say Mr. B’s attempt to defend himself fell short. Former President T did not comment on the report at his rally Thursday. He, too, has faced questions about cognitive decline, recently mixing up N.P and rival N.H when discussing January 6th. H has blasted both men for being too old. In the wake of that special counsel report, President B plans to appoint a task force to review how classified material is handled to improve the process. He insists that he did not mishandle any classified material, blaming his staff for moving documents improperly. 
