---
title: CBS Evening News 02.14.24
date: 2024-02-15 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with that breaking news. A mass shooting at the Super Bowl parade in Kansas City. The celebration for the Kansas City Chiefs turned into a nightmare. At least one person was killed, more than thirty others injured and includes two dozen people with gun shot wounds. Eight of those who were shot are children. The extent of their injuries is not yet known. Law enforcement sources tell CBSN this all may have started with an argument. There are now three people in custody. Nearly one million people were expected to gather along the parade route in Missouri with hundreds of law enforcement officials on hand. Fans are seen running for their lives as gunshots rang out just after the team finished speaking to the crowd. And there is video tonight of fans tackling someone believed to be one of the suspects. We can report that the FBI are on the scene and the president has been briefed. The Kanas City Chiefs says all of its players, coaches, and staff are safe. 

This is the moment that the victory celebration turned violent. Gunfire, screams as the horrifying reality set fans, including families running for their lives. You can see first responders giving CPR and fans being loaded into onto stretchers. Eight hundred law enforcement officers were on site. Many running toward gunfire taking three suspects into custody. As all this unfolding, we were covering the celebration live. And you got kids and you got elderly people, you aren’t expecting something like this. People began to run as hard as they could in all directions. People knocked down; children knocked down. 
