---
title: CBS Evening News 01.19.24
date: 2024-01-20 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’ll have more on the deadly storm slamming much of the country with snow and artic cold in a moment. But first, the stunning new indictment of A.B. Why prosecutors once again charge the actor with involuntary man slaughter in connection with 2021 shooting death on the set of movie Rust. What led them to bring back the criminal case nine months after initial charges were dropped. Plus, CBSN joined the Navy in the Middle East. But we want to begin with the second major winter storm in less than a week dropping heavy snow from Washington to Philadelphia to New York. 

In an unexpected site for drivers on snowy road in Virginia today. This commuter airplane carrying five passengers and two crew members in an emergency landing four minutes after taking off from nearby Dallas Airport. The plane made it up about eleven hundred feet before having to divert and make an emergency landing on the L county parkway. A ground stop in Washington Reagan frost travel planes earlier this morning with over thousand cancellations nationwide. New York’s LaGuardia and New Jersey’s Newark among the hardest hit. Wintry conditions are pummeling roads. In New York, a car trying to pass a semi crashed into a snowplow, no one was injured. In Nutley, New Jersey, the Department of Transportation is trying to drive home road safety. 
