---
title: CBS Evening News 01.12.24
date: 2024-01-13 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, winter storms blanketed nation. All fifty states under weather alerts today, the Midwest is getting clobbered as blizzard, heavy snow and freezing temperatures cost havoc at the nation’s airports with more than two thousand flights canceled. What the wild weather means for the NFL playoffs? Also, there is bitter cold and whiteout conditions in Iowa just as the 2024 election is heating up. It’s the final countdown for the kickoff of the race for the White House. 

But first, we’ve got more on that military bombardment of terrorist targets in Yemen from US and British fighter jets, ships and submarine. We are just learning new details as President B today issued a fresh warning to the Houthi militia that the US will fight back if the rebel retaliate. The President tonight clearly trying to contain what is now an escalating regional conflict. It is exactly what many had feared as the worst outcome as we are now nearly one hundred days since Hamas attacked Israel. 

Repeated ultimatums gave way to military action overnight as F-18 fighter jets and support aircraft led the way in a bombing campaign against Iranian-backed Houthi militants including the use of US warships and a submarine. British typhoon fighters took off from bases in Cyprus covering a distance so long, they needed refueling aircraft. Cockpit footage is said to show airstrikes aimed at degrading Houthi capabilities and weapon stocks. US military officials say more than a hundred and fifty precision-guided munitions struck over sixty targets at nearly thirty locations including command centers, missile and drone launch sites and air defense systems. Today, in Yemen, thousands of demonstrators turned out in the capital, burning US flags and chanting “God is great, death to America, death to Israel”. 
