---
title: CBS Evening News 03.07.24
date: 2024-03-08 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a series of tens of tense moments for a US airline just as spring break travel is getting underway. With tens of millions of passengers expected to fly over the next six weeks, it is raising safety concerns for some travelers. The latest incident took place today at George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston when a United flight veered off the runway after landing. The nearly one hundred and seventy people onboard were forced to depart the plane using airstairs on the open runway after the plane ended up in the grass. Fortunately, no one is injured. It’s the fourth such mishap involving a passenger jet this week alone including yesterday’s United flight that lost a wheel during takeoff. 

United Airlines flight 2477 rolled off the runway moments after landing at Houston’s Bush airport this morning, leaving skid marks and ending up stuck in the mud with its nose up in the air. Social media video shows passengers evacuating the Boeing 737 Max 8 plane. One hundred and sixty passengers and six crew members were on board the flight from Memphis. The incident comes as Spring Break travel season takes off with United Airlines alone expecting more than twenty-one million passengers. It has been a turbulent week for air travel. On Monday, an engine on another United Boeing 737 burst into flames after bubble wrap was sucked into it. And yesterday, a wheel fell off another United plane, after the Boeing 777 took off from San Francisco, damaging at least two cars on the ground. Also on Thursday, American Airline’s flight was pushing back in Miami when it clipped the tail of a parked Frontier Jet. No one was injured in any of the incidents. 
