---
title: CBS Evening News 02.29.24
date: 2024-03-01 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We have several major stories that we are following tonight including that massive blizzard out west. Plus, President B’s biggest announcement for Gaza as hundreds of thousands are under threats of starvation. But we begin tonight with new developments in that terrifying accident and dramatic rescue in Louisville when a semi-truck was left dangling off a bridge nearly one hundred feet over the Ohio River. The driver miraculously escaped without suffering any series injuries but was taken to a local hospital out of precaution. And we are hearing from the incredibly brave rescuers who say they are trained to this kind of thing all the time.

High drama above the Ohio River, like a scene from a Tom Cruise thriller. A tractor trailer dangling from the Clark Memorial Bridge and a repelling firefighter trying to pluck its female driver to safety. That’s Louisville firefighter B.C repelling to rescue the driver. Both of them hovering about seven feet above the water connecting Kentucky and Indianna. The semi had crashed through the guardrail after a four-vehicle accident. The driver trapped in the cab about forty minutes. C slowly, carefully, guided them both back over the guardrail to safety. The semi has now been pulled back onto the bridge which remains close in both directions. 
