---
title: CBS Evening News 01.01.24
date: 2024-01-02 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Now to rising tensions in the Middle East. President B was briefed by his national security teams this morning about the escalating conflict between Iranian backed rivals and the United States Navy. Meanwhile, Israel announced it’s withdrawing thousands of troops from Gaza signaling a new phase in the fighting. 

Sirens rang in the new year in Israel as Hamas fired rockets. The country’s Iron Dome missile defense system illuminated the sky with interceptions. But in Gaza, 2024 looks a lot like the previous year. Men rescued an injured child as a sound of explosions chased them in Khan Younis. But hospitals in Gaza are so full. Doctors treat injured children on the floor. In Rafa, at this cramped tent city, everyone hopes the new year will bring peace. Israel has also experienced loss in this war. The IDF says more than a hundred seventy soldiers have been killed since the ground invasion in Gaza. On Sunday, Israel began demobilizing thousands of troops, the first drawdown since the war began with Hamas’s murderous attack in October. It comes amid mounting pressure from the White House to scale back the offensive but Israeli officials warned the end of this war is still months away. Over the weekend, militants attacked from Syria and Lebanon. Israel retaliated, striking Hezbollah targets. The treats to Israeli as well as US interests also extend to the Red Sea. Iran sailed a warship into the water today, a day after the US Navy engaged four Houthi boats from Yemen that attacked a commercial ship, sinking three. 
