---
title: CBS Evening News 01.16.24
date: 2024-01-17 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, D.T fresh off his record setting win in the Iowa caucuses is now in New Hampshire after a trip to New York City and a courthouse there. These are pictures of his rally tonight where he will address voters in the Granite State. And we are in New Hampshire tonight speaking with voters ahead of the next contest in the race for the Republican nomination. Also tonight, we are hearing for the first time, the 911 calls that led to two-week hospital stay for the Secretary of Defense L.A. Hear his aide asking for secrecy. But we want to begin with the weather that most of us are experiencing more than seventy percent of the country is feeling a deep freeze. Seventeen people have died and there is another storm coming. 

Tonight, the Arctic blast along with high winds and blinding snow swept through the Northeast, the extreme cold and snow forcing airlines to cancel or delay flights. At New York’s LaGuardia airport, more than two hundred cancellations since yesterday. In Nashville, a ground stop on Monday left hundreds of passengers stuck on the tarmac, some for almost seven hours after deicing trucks ran out of fuel. It’s a mess throughout the Midwest. At Chicago’s O’Hare Airport, negative twenty-degree windchills are hampering operations. 
