---
title: CBS Evening News 02.16.24
date: 2024-02-17 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’ll have more on the shocking news of A.N.’s death in just a moment. But first, we begin with some breaking news and historic ruling of in the civil fraud trial against former President D.T. A judge ordered T to pay more than three hundred fifty million dollars in penalties and bar him from serving as an officer or director of any New York company for three years. Today’s decision comes after he was liable for falsifying business records in order to get better terms on loans and insurance. It is major victory for New York state attorney general LJ, who first sued the former president back in 2022. Well, tonight T called the ruling “a total sham”.

Tonight, a potentially crushing blow to DT’s business empire and bank account. The former president ordered to pay more than three hundred fifty million dollars and banned from running business in New York or applying for loans in the state for three years. His two sons each fined four million dollars and barred from doing business in New York for two years thrusting the leadership of the family company into peril. T’s lawyer AH called the verdict “a manifest injustice” and said an appeal battle is coming. The former president reacted late today. In his ruling, judge AE said of T and the other defendants “their complete lack of remorse borders on pathological”. On T himself, who took the stand two times, the judge said his refusal to answer the question directly, or in some cases, at all, severely compromised his credibility. 
