---
title: CBS Evening News 02.03.24
date: 2024-02-04 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, US and allies launched a wave of air strikes in Yemen, hitting multiple sites controlled Houthi rebels, who are backed by Iran. The action follows US bombing in Iraq and Syria. Retaliation for the killing of three American soldiers at a remote post in Jordan last weekend. 

The Department of Defense says there was rocket attacks today on a US support facility in Syria. But there were no injuries. Now, that makes a hundred and sixty-seven attacks by Iranian-backed groups on US forces in Iraq, Syria and Jordan since October. This video broadcast on Syrian TV reports to show the immediate aftermath of US strikes against Iran Revolutionary Guard and militia targets in Iraq and Syria on Friday. The Defense Department says it hit a total of seven sites including command and control centers, weapons depots and drone storage facilities. At his first public appearance since the US retaliated, President B visited his campaigned headquarters in Wilmington where he talked about the battle of White House but made no mention of the fight in the Middle East. The US action came five days after Iranian-backed groups struck a US military outpost in Jordan, injuring forty and killing army reserves soldiers W.R, B.M and K.S. But the US did not hit targets inside Iran. 
