---
title: CBS Evening News 03.19.24
date: 2024-03-20 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the ruling from the Supreme Court that allows a sweeping Texas immigration law to go into effect from now. In a six to three decision, the nation’s highest court said it won’t block the law known as SB4 that gives local and state police the power to arrest and detain migrants suspected of crossing the border illegally. The federal government has been the sole authority of immigration enforcement for decades and critics say this ruling is an affront to federal law. The case now heads back to the Court of Appeals to decide if it is constitutional or not. In the meantime, it’s a major victory for Texas and Republican Governor G.A. The White House said that they fundamentally disagree with the Supreme Court’s order. 

Razor wire and Texas National Guard troops along the US Mexico border reinforced tonight by the US Supreme Court. Now, Lone Star State sheriff and police departments can arrest, jail and judges can prosecute migrant accused of illegally entering the US. Texas Governor G.A, who’s been locked in a years-long fight with the federal government over border security last year signed what’s known as the SB4 law amid the historic increase in migrant border crossings. Today, he called the Supreme Court’s ruling a positive development. The White House sought to block the law and today said it’s another example of Republican officials politicizing the border while blocking real solutions. They called on Congress to pass bipartisan border security plan, currently being block in the House. The Supreme Court allowed the new law to take effect but it still faces challenge in lower federal court. Today, conservative justices B.K and A.C.B urged the appeals court to rule quickly. Liberal justices S.S and K.B.J questioned the law’s constitutionality and said it will upend the longstanding federal state balance of power and sow chaos. 
