---
title: CBS Evening News 01.29.24
date: 2024-01-30 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are at the home of the US Fifth Fleet and Naval Forces central command getting a first look at the secret operation center here. These forces are the tip of the spear against Iranian-backed Houthi militia, defending international water against their terror attacks. And new offensive action may not be far off following that deadly attack in Jordan that killed three army soldiers and wounded more than forty others. Tonight, we are learning the extent of some of those injuries including we’ve got eight service members who had to be air-lifted and the name of three killed in the attack. Well, tonight we’ve got our new reporting that US air defensive system failed to protect that outpost. Plus, President B is vowing to retaliate, sending a clear message to Iran and others here in the region. We’ll take a look at the US options and the consequences of starting a wider conflict in the Middle East. We want to begin tonight with deadly drone attack in Jordan. CBSN has learned that the drone used in the attack appears to be an Iranian one-way attack drone like the ones Iran has been providing to Russia for its war in Ukraine. President B is vowing to strike back. But how hard and where was the topic of National Security team meeting today in the White House situation room. The drone strike on the base known as Tower 22 in northeast Jordan killed the three Americans and wounded more than forty. It was the US military’s worst loss of live to enemy action since the fall of Afghanistan. 