---
title: CBS Evening News 03.20.24
date: 2024-03-21 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the whiplash of federal court rulings over the Texas immigration law known as SB4. A US Court of Appeals blocked the sweeping law. This was just hours after the Supreme Court said it could go into effect. The Texas law gives local and state police the power to arrest and detain migrants to cross the border illegally. Immigration enforcement has for decades been the sole responsibility of federal authorities. And as you heard, Republican Texas Governor G.A has said the state has the right to defend itself against what he is calling an invasion. Now, President B opposes the Texas law and he actually landed in the state today for fund raisers. This challenge comes as a Texas bus company has put the brakes on transporting migrants to New York City after a lawsuit was filled by New York City. The mayor there, E.A, urged other bus companies to stop their trips too. 

Tonight, one of Texas Governor G.A’s toughest border restriction policies is under scrutiny by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Judges decided to hear the case this morning after the Supreme Court temporarily allowed SB4 to go into effect. Questions focused squarely on the merits of law. Texas’s solicitor general seemed to struggle to defend the law’s merit. While the court decides SB4’s fate, Texas Governor G.A remained steadfast. A’s action, busing migrants to Democrat-run cities also suffered a minor setback in New York, where after being sued by the city, at least one bus company has agreed to stop busing migrants from Texas to New York. With the law in limbo, El Paso County Sheriff Commander R.U added his deputies won’t make SB4 a priority. 
