---
title: CBS Evening News 03.10.24
date: 2024-03-11 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a sharp escalation in the public rift between President B and Israeli Prime Minister B.N. This weekend, the president took direct aim at N’s war strategy in Gaza and, N pushed back. The war in Gaza grinding on two million Palestinians marking the start of the holy month of Ramadan, no ceasefire between Hamas and Israel and a quarter of the population facing starvation. Prime Minister B.N said that the president was wrong on both counts as it relates to him not having the support of the Israeli people on the nation’s interests and its policies. 

As Israel intends to move forward into southern Gaza, a refuge for millions, as the president warns of a red line that should not be crossed. President B not mincing his words, criticizing Israeli Prime Minister B.N and calling for Israel’s war with Hamas to come to a ceasefire as humanitarian support by plane and by sea heads to the region. The World Food Program is warning that a quarter of the population in Gaza is one step away from famine. The intensity of Israel’s attacks haven’t slowed. On Friday night, a blistering airstrike hit one of the tallest building in Gaza, home to nearly three hundred families who were only given thirty minutes to evacuate. Lawmakers are split. Some critical of Israel’s tactics others of B’s condemnation of N. The crisis in the Middle East is also remain focus on the campaign trail. Both B and D.T rallied in Georgia on Saturday with the former president using his stump to sound off on his successor.
