---
title: CBS Evening News 01.30.24
date: 2024-01-31 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are surveying the deteriorating situation in the Middle East, from the Red Sea, to Gaza, to Iran. This is the body of three soldiers killed in Jordan prepared to make their way back to United States. First, Israeli special forces disguised as medical workers and civilians stormed hospital in the West Bank and kill three suspected militants. And negotiations continue for a ceasefire in the Israel-Hamas war, and the release of the remaining hostages being held by Hamas in Gaza. CBSN is over the Red Sea with the US Navy as it protects American interests in the region including from attacks by Iranian-backed Houthi militia. But President B saying he has decided on the US response to a drone attack that killed those three US service members. The president said he hold Iran responsible but warns that the world does not need a wider conflict in the Middle East. 

President B told reporters he has made up his mind on how to retaliate for the drone attack which killed three American soldiers in Jordan. In an apparent attempt to head off US airstrikes, Iranian-backed militia the US blames for Sunday’s deadly attack announced it was suspending military operations against American forces. The Pentagon spokesman responded by noting there have been three more attacks on US troops since the drone strike in Jordan. 
