---
title: CBS Evening News 01.11.24
date: 2024-01-12 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are just four days away from the Iowa caucuses and there are major stories that are top concern to the American people and will impact the race for the White House, starting with the most important issue to voters – the economy. And we learned today the inflation was up last month more than expected. The new data out today shows one of the biggest reasons is housing costs. Plus, the immigration crisis remains the top of mind for voters as they made their voices heard in the 2024 election cycle. Tonight, we have an in-depth look at the strain in the classroom as tens of thousands of migrants crossed the border and their children entered public schools. And then the other big headline today, former President D.T was not on campaign trail, but inside a courtroom. Tonight, his outburst at the prosecutor and the judge and what the outcome at that three hundred and seventy million dollars civil fraud trail could mean for his real estate empire. Let’s begin with the economy, inflation jumped unexpectedly today, ticking up slightly to an annual rate of 3.4%. 

Las Vegas mortgage broker J.W says the economy is not working for her or her customers hunting for home loans. W, a Republican, says the stubbornly high cost of living means her company processes fewer mortgage applications. While inflation is off the highs of 2022, monthly budget items have continued to soar. Rent was up 6.2% last year. Auto insurance skyrocketed 20%. And dinning out jumped 5.2%. L.B is Director of the National Economic Council. She is the president’s top advisor on the economy. We brought her this question from W: “What are they doing to fix the economy?”. 
