---
title: CBS Evening News 02.13.24
date: 2024-02-14 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the fast-moving nor’easter and the forty-five million Americans impacted from North Virginia to Massachusetts. In some places, fifteen inches of snow fell today alone, leading to dangerous road conditions, crashes, and many tonight are without power. More than a million students were out of school. New York City if digging out, and this is the biggest snowstorm since 2022. Snow-covered roads caused havoc during the morning commute causing more than one thousand and two hundred accidents in Pennsylvania alone. Air travelers faced their own problems with more than three thousand delays and cancelations at the nation’s airports. Well, tonight, the major concern is coastal flooding. More than eleven million along the shorelines are under alerts tonight. 

A near miss in the Northeast as the fast-moving storm dumped snow from Maryland to Massachusetts. New York City saw the highest daily snow total in more than two years just over three inches but far less than the eight that was predicted by the National Weather Service. Well, parts of Connecticut and Pennsylvania saw more than a foot of snow, the wintry white quickly turned slushy and slick, police responding more than a thousand accidents in Pennsylvania and hundreds more in New Jersey and Connecticut according to state police. Air travel was also a mess with thousands of interruptions and major airports including New York’s LaGuardia where more than a third flights were canceled. The Massachusetts Coast is under a flood advisory.
