---
title: CBS Evening News 01.23.24
date: 2024-01-24 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are live from here in Manchester as voters cast their ballots in this first-in-the-nation primary. CBSN can project at this hour that D.T is the winner of New Hampshire’s Republican presidential primary. These are the vote tallies, just coming in right now at this hour. We should note, no Republican has ever won both Iowa and New Hampshire and failed to secure the nomination. But tonight, N.H said this race is far from over. We are hearing from both of the candidates tonight and they are beginning to set expectations about the campaign ahead. We also had exit-poll data. But the shape of what this electorate was like here in New Hampshire. It was more moderate, more independent than what we saw in Iowa. Also, the economy, and immigration some of the top issues on voters’ minds. And one in five voters made their decisions in the last couple days and they largely broke for N.H. 

As we are live in the West here on the Evening News, former President T is addressing his supporters, declaring victory here in New Hampshire and already going after N.H for staying in this race saying he’s angry she’s doing so and suggesting she only won because she won non-Republican votes. He has a point. Exit-poll here in New Hampshire shows this was a far more moderate and independent base of voters much more so than were in Iowa last week. H doing well with them. More independent voters voted tonight in New Hampshire than Republicans and broke overwhelmingly for H. A few warning signs, however, for the former President as he continues his campaign. Polling tonight shows there’s more skepticism and concern about the legal troubles he may face in the coming months and a belief that he may not be fit enough for office should he be convicted of a crime. That’s a higher percentage than we saw in Iowa last week and concerning in a state that very well could be one of the battlegrounds in the general election in the fall. And well, the former president won most age and gender groups across Republican electorate. H did better tonight among higher-incoming college-educated voters, a sign, again, that the former president may struggle to unite the entire Republican party and other voters who he might have well been able to win another one.
