---
title: CBS Evening News 02.01.24
date: 2024-02-02 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’ll have more on the massive atmospheric river barreling through the West Coast in just a moment. But first, a Michigan mother takes the stand in the first case of a parent accused of being criminally responsible for their child’s role in a school shooting. Plus, Defense Secretary L.A apologizes to the American people for keeping his hospital stay for cancer treatment a secret, including from President B. This, as the US readies a military response for the drone attack that killed three US soldiers in Jordan. But we begin tonight with the monster Pacific storm bringing what is described as a fire hose of rain to parts of California. More than fifteen million are under flood alerts tonight. This powerful system is the first of a one-two punch. Another atmospheric river is coming in the days ahead.

Dramatic rescues today from Southern California as flood waters rushed in. A swift water rescue team saved this man trapped under a bridge in Orange County. And in Long Beach, drivers needed help getting to dry land after cars wound up submerged up to their roofs. This area just south from Los Angeles receiving nearly a month’s rain in just twelve hours. In LA, winds gusting up to forty-five miles per hour downed trees. And torrential downpours made for a dangerous morning commute. The storm slammed Northern California first, knocking down trees and flooding streets along with nearby vineyards up to three inches of rain fell. 
