---
title: CBS Evening News 02.20.24
date: 2024-02-21 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We do want to begin tonight with that breaking news with new arrest in the deadly mass shooting in the Kansas City Chief Super Bowl celebration. Missouri prosecutors charged two men, both in the hospital recovering from gunshot wounds with murder in the shooting that killed a woman and injured twenty others. Police say the incident started with a verbal argument, quickly escalating and one of the suspects pulled a gun and began firing. Two juveniles were also detained on gun-related and charges and resisting arrest last week. Prosecutors say there could be even more arrests. 

The celebration of Kansas City Super Bowl victory is just the latest public event to be marred by gunfire across the US. Tonight, new charges in the deadly shooting that broke out during the celebration for the Kansas City Chief Super Bowl win. D.M of Kansas City and L.M of Raytown, Missouri now face charges of second-degree murder, armed criminal action and unlawful use of a weapon. Both men were also among the nearly two dozen shot during the chaos. The shooting happened when an estimated one million people were gathered to celebrate the Chief’s Super Bowl victory. Shots were fired near the west side Union Station near the stage. Charging documents say there was an altercation between the suspects who were both armed and that it was M who fired the fatal shot that killed L.G. And tonight, the suspects are being held on a million-dollar bond. The new charges filed today are in addition to the charges filed last week against two juveniles. 
