---
title: CBS Evening News 03.07.24
date: 2024-03-08 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B is about to leave the White House to head to Capitol Hill to deliver critical address to the nation before what may be the largest TV audience he’ll get this election season. It’s a chance for the Commander and Chief to reframe the political debate about not only the state of this country, but also his stewardship of it. Earlier today, I went to the White House for a conversation with the President about what he will talk about. He is eager to engage politically with Republicans. 

As the president engages with Republicans, he plans to call out how they’ve lost elections for supporting the repeal of Roe versus Wade of promise to sign a federal law protecting access to abortion services if it’s ever passed. President is also planning to take at least a few jabs at his likely Republican opponent D.T. President has spent the past year touting a strong economy. But polls show most voters aren’t feeling it. Inflation, though down in recent months, has soared on his watch. Tonight, he will use his state of the union to push Congress to cap out-of-pocket drug costs at two thousand dollars a year for Americans with private health insurance and to restore the expanded child tax credit for low-and middle-income families. The president also plans to touch on immigration, an area where he is vulnerable and under constant attack by former president D.T. The number of migrants crossings spiked to more than 2.4 million in the last fiscal year, compared to under a million at a similar point in the T presidency. B’s own allies have criticized his handling of the Israel-Hamas war, the rising death toll in Gaza. Thousands voted against him for that reason in recent Democratic primaries. Tonight, the president will announce the US military is set to build a temporary port along the coast of Gaza to help deliver humanitarian aid. White House officials say the president is also expected to draw contrast with T, especially on the subject of reproductive rights with IVF patients and fertility doctors expected in the audience. Since the repeal of Roe versus Wade, thirteen more states have approved complete bans on abortion services. 
