---
title: CBS Evening News 03.12.24
date: 2024-03-13 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with that firestorm in Capitol Hill. The former Special Counsel R.H testifying about his investigation into President B’s handling of classified documents. The Special Counsel was defiant, standing by his conclusion that no charges were warranted. You may call, though, it was his final report that angered the White House. The report included personal assessments about the president’s age and memory mentioning his son B’s death. Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle used the hearing to score political points ahead of the 2024	presidential election. Republican blasted H for not charging B with a crime while Democrats aim to point out the differences between the current president and D.T who is facing charges for mishandling classified documents saying T obstructed all investigations. The White House views the matter as over and said the case is closed. 

Former special counsel R.H’s public grilling today at times looked more like a proxy fight for the White House. Republicans raised questions about President B’s mental fitness while Democrats aired unflattering footage of former President D.T. H defended his report and his contention that the president was a well-meaning, elderly man with a poor memory. Democrats said he went too far. H questioned the president for five hours of two days in October and wrote that the president forgot key dates when his son, B, died. But a two hundred fifty-eight transcript of the interview released today shows the president remembered the month and day just not the year. After the report released last month, the president blasted H.  Several Republicans accused H of letting the president off easy. In the hearing, Democrats also repeatedly called out the differences between the B and T documents cases. The current president had roughly eighty documents in his possession although the former president had more than three hundred. H had also acknowledged in his report that there are major differences in the cases. 
