---
title: CBS Evening News 02.22.24
date: 2024-02-23 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with that nationwide AT&T outage that left a lot of people scratching their heads under what is going on leading to confusion and concern about the ability to dial 911. The ripple effect inundating emergency centers from New York to Los Angeles. AT&T tonight is apologizing but they are not explaining what happened. The FBI, the FCC and the Department of Homeland Security are now investigating the calls. And the White House says there is no evidence that a malicious attack was behind the network shutdown. But there are still so many questions. The outage also highlighting concerns about how the lack of communications could impact us all in a real emergency, and renewing concerns about cyber security in the US. The top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee tonight has a dire warning, saying a Chinese cyber attack would be one hundred times worse. 

A rude awakening for tens of thousands of AT&T customers. From Chicago to Dallas, Boston to Los Angeles, more than seventy-four thousand users reported widespread problems. Late today, AT&T apologized to customers and said service had been fully restored. Nearly three quarters of adults live in households with a landline, so losing cell service is a disaster can cripple communications. But today’s outage inundated the emergency call centers with people dialing them up to test their phones. Massachusetts State Police posting that many emergency centers were flooded with calls. And in San Francisco, the FBI is in contact with AT&T and the FCC is actively investigating.
