---
title: CBS Evening News 03.14.24
date: 2024-03-15 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with more than forty million Americans under threat from two major storm systems. Heavy snow is falling across the Rockies with three feet already on the ground in parts of Colorado causing travel nightmares at the airports and on the roads. Hundreds of flights at Denver International Airport were canceled today. And more severe and dangerous weather is sweeping across the middle of the country today, with several tornadoes touching down in Kentucky and Indianna. This funnel cloud was spotted over a small town in Kentucky. Communities are surveying the aftermath with downed trees and severely damaged homes and businesses. Now, that same system is moving east, with more than a dozen states under severe weather threats tonight from Dallas to Indianapolis with thunderstorms damaging hail and more tornadoes in the forecast. 

Tonight, the severe storm threat keeps growing in the Midwest with multiple tornadoes touching down in Indianna. In Hanover, tornado ripped through homes causing roofs to collapse, knocking down trees and powerlines. In Madison, another tornado crossed the Ohio River. Video shows debris spinning in the air. In Milton, Kentucky, at least one hundred structures were damaged after a tornado touched down. Last night, a supercell thunderstorm spun up a tornado, as severe weather moved through all Alta Vista, Kansas. Hail battered northern Kansas. Some hails bigger than Golf balls. In Colorado, record-breaking snowfall is the problem. 
