---
title: CBS Evening News 02.15.24
date: 2024-02-16 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are learning new details about what lead to that mass shooting that turned Kansas City Chief’s Super Bowl parade from celebration to carnage. Police say it was not terrorism, but an argument between several people that resulted in an outburst of gunfire. The two people taken into custody are teenagers, criminal charges are expected tomorrow. One person was killed and twenty-two others injured and two of them remain in critical condition. We’re also learning the identity of the woman who died on the scene. Forty-three-years-old L.LG, she was a mother of two and a popular radio DJ. Her family described her as a big fan of the Chiefs. She was there celebrating the teams title with her husband and adult son. Police also want to speak with people who were in the area about what they saw and they’re asking to see any cellphone video from the rally. 

As investigators now process a massive crime scene, the people of Kansas City are trying to process how a family-friendly Super Bowl celebration destroy so many lives in an instant. L.LG, local radio personality, was there several family members. Her son was shot. She was killed. The shooting victims include nine children. The youngest, just eight years old. Police are tight-lipped about the two suspects still in custody. Video shows one person with a gun being tackled by a group. That weapon appears to be a semi-automatic rifle. This type of shooting now all too common. Sixty percent of mass shootings occur in everyday places, churches, theaters, grocery stores or at celebrations. Left behind, images of yet another community struggling to heal. This shooting has some communities and families questioning whether attending outdoor gathering are safe. Here at the Super Bowl parade, there were about eight hundred police officers for a million spectators. The mayor here in Kansas City vowing to move forward including hosting next month St. Patrick’s Day parade. 
