---
title: CBS Evening News 02.19.24
date: 2024-02-20 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with nearly all of California under the threat of dangerous weather alert, with yet another atmospheric river slamming the West Coast. Torrential rains, snow, damaging winds and possible tornadoes are expected in this multi-state storm, bringing threats of severe flooding and mudslides. Flashflood warnings are in effect for parts of Los Angeles County, while residents in the Santa Monica mountains and Hollywood Hills have been warned to be ready to evacuate due the possibility mud and debris flood. This is the second batch of storms to hit the region in recent weeks, leaving little time for rain-soaked hillsides to dry out. California’s Office of Emergency Services pre-positioned equipment and rescue crews in counties as this storm moves to the shore. 

This atmospheric river is delivering another crashing blow to California. The overnight deluge made driving on road treacherous in Sacramento and the Bay Area, resulting in spinouts and close calls. The state’s central coast has already been inundated with more than six inches of rain in some areas. This is what Santa Barbara’s looked like today, it was shut down. And pinned under nearby rushing waters, a gruesome discovery. Right now, a swift rescue team is recovering a body from the water over there. It’s not clear if this is a weather-related death but the body certainly came down this stream. The storms brought down trees and part of this hillside along US 101 near the Oregon border. Farther south in Ventura County, firefighters shoveled mud and stacked sandbags to divert water from homes and streets. But even cleanup crews wound up getting stuck. 
