---
title: CBS Evening News 03.04.24
date: 2024-03-05 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the news and analysis of that historic decision from the Supreme Court. The justices ruling that states cannot bar D.T from running for another term. Even though he is accused by some of insurrection. Colorado and several other states were seeking to disqualify T because of his actions surrounding the January 6th attack on the US Capitol. And today’s decision was unanimous. All nine justices agreed that T cannot be barred from the ballot in perhaps the most important ruling by the nation’s highest court about a presidential election in more than two decades since the decision of Bush versus Gore in 2000. This is the key paragraph of the ruling “States may disqualify persons holding or attempting to hold state office. But States have no power under the Constitution with respect to federal offices, especially the presidency”. Now, the court’s three liberal members say the court’s majority went too far. Justices S.S, E.K, K.B.J expressed frustration in a concurring opinion saying the decision protects D.T from “future controversy”.  

A crucial decision today with sweeping political consequences. The high court ruling that former President D.T cannot be removed from Colorado’s ballot due to the state court’s view that he stoked January 6th insurrection. With this ruling, two other states also had their efforts to remove the former president stall. Three justices, in a separate concurring opinion said allowing Colorado measure to go forward “would, we agree, create chaotic state-by-state patchwork”. Amid a tense political landscape, Justice A.C.B also urged Americans to see unity from the unanimous decision, writing “in this circumstance, writings on the Court should turn the national temperature down, not up.” Colorado Democratic Secretary of State offered sharp criticism of the decision. The ruling comes a day before Super Tuesday, the biggest primary election day of the season, when voters in fifteen states, including Colorado, head to the polls. And T’s legal hurdles continue to pile up, as the Supreme Court weighs another decision next month. 
