---
title: CBS Evening News 01.04.24
date: 2024-01-05 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the scary reality facing parents and students and the continuing cycle of gun violence in the America’s schools and the alarming new details in today’s school shooting in Iowa. Police saying just a short time ago, that an explosive device was found inside the school. Here is what we know. A six-grade student was killed. The school’s principal and four others were injured. The seventeen-year-old shooter dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Now, this is the second school shooting of 2024 just four days now into the new year. And there are questions tonight about the gunman’s social media posts and his motive. 

The shooting happened during a breakfast program about 20 minutes before school was set to begin. And there weren’t yet that many people around. So tonight, police say it could have been much worse. It was the first day back to school in Perry, Iowa after the winter holiday when at 7:37 AM shots rang out. Within seven minutes, the first officer arrived, followed by more than one hundred others from local, state, and federal agencies. “Officers immediately attempted the source of the threat and quickly found what appeared to be the shooter with a self-inflicted gunshot wound”. The shooter, identified as seventeen-year-old D.B, a student at the school. He shot and killed a six-grade and wounded five others, including the school’s principal, D.M. All the victims were rushed to nearby hospital in Des Moines. Officials say the shooter used a pump action shotgun and a handgun. They also located and disarmed an improvised explosive device inside the school. In the last five years, one hundred and sixty-one people have been killed in school shootings, with more than three hundred injured. 
