---
title: CBS Evening News 02.23.24
date: 2024-02-24 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news tonight in the trial of the National Rifle Association’s former long time leader W.L after he was accused of using the gun lobbying group as a personal piggy bank. We’ll get to that news in just a minute. But we do want to begin with the future of reproductive rights here in America. And the growing backlash to that Alabama Supreme Court decision that declared embryos should be treated as children. A growing number of conservative Republicans are speaking out against the ruling. There are also a number of developments in Alabama that have possible nationwide implications. One of the country’s largest embryo shipping companies saying today they’ve reportedly paused doing businesses in Alabama and that means many of the people who hope to continue their treatment out of state have lost their option. Also, the Alabama attorney general, for his part, announced today he has no intention of prosecuting IVF clinics or its patients. Now this all comes just ahead of the key Republican primary vote tomorrow in South Carolina. 

Republican primary frontrunner, former President D.T said he strongly supports the availability of IVF. As former UN Ambassador N.H aims for a breakthrough in her home state, a national reckoning over the Alabama Supreme Court’s ruling on in-vitro fertilization is upending the final hours of the South Carolina primary. The debate over Alabama’s decision is now putting 2024 battleground Republican candidates in political crosshairs, causing the campaign arm of the Senate to encourage Republican Senate candidates to clearly and concisely reject efforts by the government to restrict IVF. But amid the fallout and intense push for votes in South Carolina, for the last two Republicans presidential candidates. Top Republicans tell CBSN they are urging H to stay in the race as long as possible in case T is convicted in the criminal hush money case set to begin next month in New York. In the meantime, her supporters are weighing their options if she were to drop out. 
