---
title: CBS Evening News 03.17.24
date: 2024-03-18 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight in New Mexico where authorities have captured a suspect accused of gunning down a state trooper Friday who tried to help the suspect. Thirty-three-year-old J.S is now in custody after authorities arrested him following a police pursuit and shootout Albuquerque. S was spotted by a gas station clerk which prompted an urgent manhunt this weekend and a chilling warning to communities to be on the lookout for the armed and dangerous suspected killer. CBSN has the latest details on S’s capture and his condition.

New Mexico police say the suspect is in the hospital under guard after being shot during his arrest. Thirty-three-year-old J.S was captured after a foot chase and gunfire. Some of the bullets leaving him wounded. Investigators say S, seem in this police dashcam photo shot and killed New Mexico state police officer J.H when the patrolman responded Friday to reports of a driver with a flat tire on Interstate forty. According to authorities, the South Carolina resident then took off in the patrolman’s car before crashing and bailing. Police have also connected S to the death of paramedic P.M-F, whose body was found Friday in South Carolina. The white BMW S was driving belong to her. Now that S is under arrest. Police say they are focusing on finding anyone that may have helped him elude authorities. 
