---
title: CBS Evening News 01.25.24
date: 2024-01-26 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
You just heard from Republican Senators M.R and L.G just when Congress appears to close to a deal on southern border and funding for Ukraine, there are concerns election politics are getting in the way. The election’s other top issue, the economy. We’ve got big news today. US GOP grew at surprising pace last quarter. But despite low unemployment and a booming stock market, we speak to Americans about why some are not feeling the effects. But, we begin tonight with severe weather, nearly twenty-six million people are under flood-water watches from Louisianna to West Virginia with more rain expected in the days ahead. Parts of the South are already underwater tonight after days of torrential rains, with more than a foot on the ground in parts of Texas and several inches in Louisianna. 

A city submerged. Cars plowing through floodwater in Mandeville, Louisianna, north of New Orleans. This is what six-inches of rain in less than twenty-four hours looks like. A first-responder helping a passenger to safety. In Texas, the storm is over, but the emergency is ongoing. Emergency crews use these boats to rescue from more than a dozen homes including a few pets. First responders say one home owner wouldn’t leave until it is almost too late. Five people have to be rescued after trying to drive through the fast-flowing water. 
