---
title: CBS Evening News 02.10.24
date: 2024-02-11 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, negotiations over next phase of US funding for conflicts in Ukraine and Israel remain on the brink. And Senators work through the weekend on a package. This latest push follows the collapse of bipartisan talks over sweeping legislation on border security and foreign aid and as allies in Europe pressured the US to step in as Ukraine faces more turmoil as the country’s top general was replaced this week. Overnight, at least seven people, including three children died after a Russian drone strike in a residential neighborhood in Kharkiv. Fire crews fought flames that local authorities say destroyed several homes. And in the Middle East, there is tension between the US and Israel, with the war in Gaza expanding.

The 1.4 million Palestinians seeking shelter in Rafah are been given several options by Israel that can move to another part of Rafah, go to Khan Younis, which is still regularly bombed or returned to the north which has been all but obliterated. This was supposed to be the last stop, this woman fled with her family from Khan Younis to stay with her sister in Rafah. But the home she saw refuge in was among those hit in an Israeli airstrike, her sister was killed along with eleven others including five children. After more than four months of war. The tanks of those displaced go on for miles. Fear and despair are rising. The choice is stark, stay or run, either way risking death. The north of Gaza is one area Israel has suggested people return to. Rafah is not just the last refuge, it’s also an entry point of humanitarian aid and where doctors are treating patients from all over Gaza. 
