---
title: CBS Evening News 01.14.24
date: 2024-01-15 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Nearly one hundred million of you are under wind chill warnings or advisories as an Arctic blast grips the wide swath of this country. The National Weather Service warns the extreme temperatures pose a risk of frostbite and hypothermia. This is Buffalo, New York where a blizzard is blasting the city with snow and howling winds. The snow is also piling up in Utah as the avalanche threat increases. This video was captured in Cottonwood Canyon near Salt Lake City. The state’s avalanche center is warning of “extreme extraordinarily dangerous avalanche condition”. And look at these temperatures, brutal, from the Pacific Northwest to the Northeast, the extreme cold also putting electrical grids to the test. 

As you can see, it is a whiteout here in the Southtowns, not far from Buffalo. Snowfall rates of three to four inches an hour. Just about everything in and out Buffalo International Airport today was canceled. Americans are feeling the dangerous deep freeze. Blizzard conditions in the Buffalo area can dump as much as three feet of snow by Monday. Wind gusts there were clocked at over sixty miles per hour. The NFL pushed today’s Steelers-Bills game till to Monday after whiteout conditions made travel to the stadium possible. The dangerous weather stretched West to California and South to Texas. At least three people are dead near Portland, Oregon from falling trees and bitter cold. Along the east coast, Maine is seeing historic flooding. Four people were rescued from the fishing boat after waves slammed it into the shore. And in Iowa, wind chills have dipped to forty-five below zero as voters gear up for caucus day tomorrow. Back in Buffalo, travel is stalled as airlines ground flights and officials urge drivers to stay off the roads. 
