---
title: CBS Evening News 01.17.24
date: 2024-01-18 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
First, the health scares facing the royal family. We learned today that the Princess of Wales, K.M, who’s forty-two years old will be in the hospital for two weeks following abdominal surgery. And just hour later, King C announced he, too, would be hospitalized for treatment for an enlarged prostate. But we do want to begin with that really awful weather that has killed dozens of people including two adults and a teenager just today in Portland. When a live power line fell on their car, a baby was injured but did survive. Winter storm warnings are in effect in nine states from Washington to South Dakota. A hundred and thirty-two million Americans in forty-four states will have temperatures in the teens or below tonight. 

Tonight, the deadly cold snap continues to grip the nation with dozens of weather-related deaths so far, many caused by hypothermia and crashes on the road. Among the victims, five family members in northeastern Pennsylvania all killed after being struck by a tractor trailer. So far, at least ten died in Oregon after a string of storms plunged parts of the state into a deep freeze. Up to a quarter inch of ice made driving treacherous around Portland. Heavy ice and strong winds toppled more than three hundred trees in the area. The winter blast knocked out nearly seventy-six thousand Oregon customers. A third of the flights out of Portland were canceled today. In Buffalo, New York, plows are battling lake-effect snow-fall up to four inches an hour, more than two feet could blanket the region by Thursday. Snow also fell further south in Knoxville, Tennessee, where it caused this boat dock to collapse. And in several cities including Bellingham, Washington, schools were closed. Residents urged to stay close to home and stay safe. 
