---
title: CBS Evening News 02.18.24
date: 2024-02-19 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, flags in Minnesota have been lower to half-staff honoring two police officers and a paramedic shot and killed today. It happened after hours-long standoff with the gunman in the Minneapolis suburb of Burnsville after a domestic abuse call. Another officer was wounded. Governor T.W called it “horrific”, adding, “we must never take for granted the bravery and sacrifices of our police and first responders”. Tonight, a solemn procession as the bodies of the slain officers and paramedic were moved from a Minneapolis hospital in preparation for their funerals. 

It is now been almost twelve hours that officers are here in this neighborhood. You see behind me, still a very active scene. Investigators, detectives looking for answers about what led up to this shooting. The call for paramedics came shortly after 5 this morning. Minutes later, dispatcher ordered everyone to stay back. First responders rushed to the home in Burnsville, a suburb about twenty minutes outside Minneapolis. They said an armed man was barricaded inside along with his family. As police arrived, the man opened fire. Video shows at least one SWAT vehicle with its windshield nearly shattered by bullets. Two twenty-seven-year-old officers from the Burnsville Police Department were struck and killed. A paramedic who rushed to the aid of one of them, also died in the shootout. State investigators confirmed the suspect died in the confrontation with police. However, family members in the home made it out safely. And again, a third officer struck by gunfire. He was rushed to the hospital, but the good news tonight, he is expected to make a full recovery. 
