---
title: CBS Evening News 03.15.24
date: 2024-03-16 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’ll have more on that deadly storm and the widespread damage in seven states in a moment. But first, breaking news, with a wave of political developments revolving around former President D.T. Just over a week ago before it set to begin, a New York judge has delayed T’s first criminal case for thirty days. T faces thirty-four felony counts for falsifying business records related to payments to adult film star S.D. Plus, in a significant ruling in Georgia’s election interference case against the former president, a Fulton County judge has decided the District Attorney F.W can continue to prosecute that case, but blasted W for what he called a quote “tremendous lapse in judgement” for having a romantic relationship with one of her top prosecutors. That special prosecutor has now withdrawn from the case. 

It's not just this new delay in the New York case, but this election case here in Georgia has effectively been put on hold, until today’s ruling by a judge effectively clearing District Attorney F.W to proceed. Fulton County Judge S.M gave District Attorney F.W an ultimatum today, either step aside from 2020 election subversion case, or have her former romantic partner, Special Prosecutor N.W, withdraw. Within hours, W tendered his resignation, effective immediately, to move this case forward. The former president hailed the move on Truth Social, calling W a “disgrace”. 
