---
title: CBS Evening News 02.26.24
date: 2024-02-27 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are following a number of developing stories but we do want to begin tonight with that breaking news and that first look at the shocking bodycam video from the shooting at celebrity pastor J.O’s Houston church. The disturbing video shows people, including children running from gunfire as heroic officers ran towards the gunshots. The audio is startling. You can hear the barrage echoing off the walls and sealing of the nearly seventeen thousand-seat megachurch. Two off duty officers were working security at the church when the shooting began. They killed the thirty-six-year-old woman, who was armed with an assault style rifle. Her seven-year-old son who she brought with her onto the scene, remains in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the head. 

Tonight, we’re hearing for the first time the sounds of terror inside a place of worship. Explosions of gunfire as a woman threatened authorities inside televangelist J.O’s Lakewood Church. Houston police releasing bodycam video of off-duty law enforcement officers who ran into the face of danger two weeks ago, taking down the woman who came into the church with a rifle and her seven-year-old son. She was killed, he was shot in the head but the danger remained. Officials say they decided to release these videos for transparency. Amid the horror, there was humanity. This officer trying to comfort the badly wounded seven-year-old, with chaos all around. Tonight, that boy is still fighting for his life two weeks after the shooting here at Houston Church. Authorities have not confirmed whether he was struck by gunfire from the security officers responded, saying it remains an active investigation. 
