---
title: CBS Evening News 02.08.24
date: 2024-02-09 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the blockbuster news about the two men who are expected to face off again in this year’s presidential election. Tonight, the dramatic testimony and questions at the Supreme Court about whether the Constitution, specifically the fourteenth amendment should bar D.T from being on the presidential ballot in several states. You could say that not since the 2000 Supreme Court decision of B. versus G. has the nation’s highest court taken such direct role in the outcome of a presidential election. President B, too, facing questions tonight about his handling of classified documents from his time as vice president and senator. The long-awaited Special Counsel report just released included pictures of classified Afghanistan documents found in a garage near a dog crate. And while there are no charges, the report says J.B disclosed classified materials when he was a private citizen.

The three hundred and forty-five-page special counsel report is critical of President B over his handling of highly classified documents including photos and records crammed into desk drawers, some in a damaged cardboard box in the garage at his Delaware home, others at former office in Washington DC. Special Counsel R.H writes that Mr. B’s conduct presented serious risk to national security. But H. decided not to bring criminal charges because the evidence does not establish Mr. B’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. 
