---
title: CBS Evening News 03.17.24
date: 2024-03-18 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are going to begin tonight with D.T facing a cash crunch. The former president is on the brink of being forced to surrender some of his most valuable real estate properties to help pay that four hundred and fifty-four million dollars civil fraud judgment in New York. He has already admitted he doesn’t have the nearly half a billion dollars in cash. And today, his lawyers revealed that more than thirty firms that they were unable, or “unwilling” to accept the risk associated with such a large bond. The clock is now ticking with that bond due next week. It’s worth remembering the civil judgement stems from the ruling that T falsely valued parts of his real estate empire for financial game. Then, on the campaign trail, T is also defending himself after a series of disturbing remarks about migrants, January 6th defendant, and warning of a quote “bloodbath” if he loses in November. It was all while discussing tariffs on Chinese-made cars. 

Former President D.T could soon be facing a financial crisis. His lawyers today revealing in a court filing that T has failed to obtain a four hundred- and fifty-four-million-dollar bond calling it “a practical impossibility”. It’s due in just one week and without it, New York Attorney General L.J could freeze his bank accounts and seize his prize properties including T Tower and Forty Wall Street. T, who was unable to reach agreement with more than thirty companies that provide appeal bonds, is also scrambling to raise money for the general election. CBSN has learned T is considering enlisting his former 2016 campaign chairman P.M, a convicted felon who was found guilty of committing several financial crimes in 2018 and later pardon by T. Meanwhile, the former president has ramped up his incendiary rhetoric on the campaign trail. T insists he was referencing a bloodbath in the automobile industry. In the past, T has warned of bedlam if B wins, suggesting there will be anger if he is convicted a crime. Over the weekend, T also referred to migrants as animals and described those convicted for crimes related to January 6th as hostages and patriots. That remark drawing criticisms from both sides of the aisle. 
