---
title: CBS Evening News 02.17.24
date: 2024-02-18 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a new storm is set to drench California again raising fears of the floods and mudslides. The latest in a moment. But first, President B today forcefully reiterated support for Ukraine. Even as the country suffered a major lost in the battlefield against Russian forces.

President B called Ukraine president today as Ukrainian soldiers were forced to withdraw from a key city. The White House says they are having to ration ammunition and blames congressional in action. Russian forces raised their flags in the eastern city of Avdiivka, what had been a Ukrainian stronghold and symbol of resistance since Russian invasion nearly two years ago. President B’s pledge comes as Ukrainian President V.Z appealed to world leaders at the Munich security conference. Vice President K.H emphasized unwavering US support even as the timing of more security assistance remains in question held up in the US House now on a nearly two-week recess. But it’s unclear if and when the House Speaker will take up the bipartisan foreign aid package pass this week in the Senate. N.H on a bus tour through South Carolina criticized former President T for interfering with congressional negotiations. And she questioned the GOP frontrunners’ ability to balance the campaign trail and courtroom. T appeared at a sneaker show in the battleground state of Pennsylvania one day after facing defeat in his New York civil fraud case has made his legal battle a rallying cry. 
