---
title: CBS Evening News 01.13.24
date: 2024-01-14 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, more than thirty million people are under winter weather advisories with freezing temperatures expanding across the country this weekend. It is snowing and so cold in Buffalo, tomorrow’s Bills-Steelers playoff game has been postponed until Monday. And tonight’s Chief-Dolphin’s game in Kansas City could be one of the coldest games on record. Just take a look at these feel-like temperatures, Glasgow, Montana, negative forty-four. Dickinson, North Dakota bottoms out at fifty-one below, Hasting, Nebraska, minus thirty-two. Extreme weather across the Plains made for crippling driving conditions. 

It's this drifting snow that is creating a lot of the issues on the roads. We’ve seen a number of jackknifed semis and now this bitter cold really is setting in. Here in Iowa, in what has known as the world’s largest truck stop, it is packed with drivers and truckers who simply aren’t taking any chances on the icy roads. Dangerous whiteout conditions in Iowa and other Midwestern states making travel treacherous. The heavy snow and gusty winds are causing big rigs, like these, to crash. Iowans are digging out after almost fifteen inches of snow blanketed the state. And temperatures are plummeting across, with the wind chill as low as negative sixty-five degrees in the Great Plains. This woeful weather also having a national impact on travel with more than two thousand flights canceled today. In Maine, record-breaking water levels not seen there in almost fifty years – washing away this Portland fish shacks. And avalanche is in effect for six mountain ranges in Utah, where officials say today conducted mitigation operation. This on the heel of 2023 being named the warmest year on record. Whitefish is one of several ski resorts across the West that has starved for snow but closed because of dangerous cold. 
