---
title: CBS Evening News 03.22.24
date: 2024-03-23 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the shocking news that the Princess of Wales, C, just forty-two-year-old has been secretly battling cancer. In an emotional message filmed at Windsor Castle two days ago, the Princess revealed the news came as a surprise. Shed had major abdominal surgery in January. Then she spent two weeks in the hospital. Follow-up tests showed the cancer. The mother with young kids is currently in the early stage of chemotherapy treatment. The Palace did not share the type cancer. But after a tough couple of months. C says she is doing well and getting stronger. King C announced his own cancer diagnosis in February, which was diagnosed while he was undergoing treatment for an enlarge prostate. Well tonight, King C breaking his silence on K in a statement saying he is “so proud of C for her courage in speaking as she did”. 

A stunning public address about a very private matter following weeks of speculation about K’s wellbeing and whereabouts after that surgery back in January and the cruel conspiracy theories on social media especially after that family photo K had to apologize for badly photoshopping a couple of weeks ago. To the world, she is C, the Princess of Wales, but firstly, a forty-two-year-old, mother of three young children, which is why they timed the announcement to today’s Eastern break when the children were off school for a few weeks. Palace sources tell CBSN she has already begun the early stages of a course of preventative chemotherapy. They won’t say what type of cancer or exactly when she was diagnosed. And they’ve made clear they won’t be sharing that information. But it comes on the heals of K.C’s cancer announcement in early February. And she finished by adding there was another reason she wanted to share the news.
