---
title: CBS Evening News 01.26.24
date: 2024-01-27 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the big news from border where migrants crossing hit a new record in December. Hundreds of thousands of them encountered by border agents. Plus, Boeing 737 Max 9 is returning to the skies. But want to begin tonight with D.T. The jury found him acted “maliciously, out of hatred, ill will or spite” in his ongoing verbal attacks on the former Elle magazine columnist. They concluded he should pay 83.3 million in damages. A previous jury found T liable for sexually abusing and defaming C. 

E.J.C was all smiles as she left the courthouse following the jury’s unanimous verdict ordering former President D.T to pay her more than 83 million dollars for defamatory statement he made about her in 2019. The dollar amount including 7.3 million dollars for emotional harm, 11 million to help repair her reputation and 65 million dollars in punitive damages. C’s attorney had previously told the jury “The one thing D.T cares about is money”. They deliberated for fewer than three hours. T wasn’t in the courtroom for the verdict but immediately took his social media to call the ruling “absolutely ridiculous” saying he fully disagrees. T was in court earlier in the day. There was a dramatic moment when abruptly got up and left as C’s lead attorney made her closing arguments, a break of decorum in federal court. T returned in time for closing arguments from his attorney Ms. H who was herself reprimanded by the judge multiple times. When she played a video of T responding to the prior jury verdict, finding him liable of sexual abuse and defamation the judge to told the jury to disregard it since he had repeatedly warned the defense team to not retry that case. When she protested not being allowed to discuss tweets not in evidence, Judge K says “You are on the verge of spending some time in the lock up, now sit down”.
