---
title: CBS Evening News 03.16.24
date: 2024-03-17 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are following several big stories tonight including the latest from the Middle East. But we begin in New Jersey, where an hours-long standoff between police and a murder suspect has just ended. It unfolded this morning with a series of shootings that left three dead in suburban Philadelphia. Police have named the suspect as A.G. G then barricaded himself inside a home a few miles away with hostages. A SWAT team managed to get them to safety. G surrendered to police. Among the dead, a thirteen-year-old girl. All victims are believed to be known to the suspect. Now to the latest Israel-Hamas war. Today, a US Air Force C-130 flew over Gaza’s coast, making it the twelfth American airdrop and food supply mission to the besieged territory. This as the UN warns that an alarming number of children in Gaza are suffering from the most severe form of starvation. 

The people of Gaza are contending with escalading war in hunger as aid into the besieged enclave cannot arrive fast enough. Israel insists it’s putting zero limits on aid getting into the war zone instead blaming groups like the UN over lack of personnel to move it where it’s most badly needed. That’s why additional aid is on its way by sea. For the first time in this war, more than one hundred tons from Europe arrived Friday on a humanitarian ship. But that’s not slowing down Israel’s potential ground assault on the southern city of Rafa which Prime Minister N is now approved despite warnings from the B administration. The assault itself is believed to be at least weeks away, unless there is a ceasefire in exchange for hostages held by Hamas. Israeli protesters we met today are furious calling N to step down over his handling of the war and its failure to save those abducted more than five months ago. About one hundred are believed to still be alive including several Americans. To get them back, sources at the ceasefire talks in Doha tell CBSN that Hamas is now demanding a release of up to one thousand Palestinian prisoners and a pause in fighting. Israel says so far that is unrealistic. 
