---
title: CBS Evening News 06.04.24
date: 2024-06-05 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B’s aggressive new border restrictions take effect. The impact of this executive action will be immediate. Soon, US immigration officials will be authorized to deport large numbers of migrants without processing their asylum claims. The restrictions will stay effect until illegal crossings dip below fifteen hundred migrants a day and they will be triggered again if crossings spike.

Starting tomorrow, most migrants who crossed the border illegally will not be allowed to seek US asylum or remain in the US. They will be sent back to Mexico or their home country, and this will continue until illegal crossings drop to a level we have not seen in years. Flanked by border officials and Democratic governors, President B announced sweeping restrictions to the decades old asylum system. The rate of illegal crossings has fallen from its peak last winter but remain historically high. And polls show immigration is a top issue for voters who consistently give D.T higher marks. But progressive in Congress argued that today’s move by B undermined American values and abandoned people fleeing violence and unstable conditions, while Republicans who have urged B to take executive action slammed him today for doing just that. The restrictions are sure to face legal challenges. The ACLU telling CBSN today “We intend to sue. A ban on asylum is illegal just as it was when T unsuccessfully tried it.” B insisted his approach is more humane than T’s. Joanna Williams runs the Kino Border initiative, serving migrants in Nogales, Mexico. People like Pedro Solis wait as long as eight months for an appointment to ask for asylum using a US government app, with no luck, many giving up. And today, Arizona lawmakers passed a proposal to ask voters on November whether to make crossing unlawfully from Mexico into the state a state crime. 
