---
title: CBS Evening News 01.27.24
date: 2024-01-28 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are getting a sense of what could be the longest general election campaign in American history. President B is in South Carolina ahead of his party’s first primary of the year. The first time Democrats are beginning their primaries in the south. And Mr. B’s would be opponent is in Nevada where Republicans hold their next contest. It’s the fist time we’ve seen former President D.T since he was ordered by a New York juror to pay more than eighty-three million dollars in a federal defamation case on Friday. 

T only made a passing, very vague reference to the verdict this evening, instead of reserving most of his fire for the current occupant of the Oval Office. Appearing at a sports venue in Las Vegas today, former President T took aim at current President B. Meanwhile, President B took off for South Carolina where he visited a local barbershop and hold a rally in the state of the first 2024 Democratic primary. But it’s the state of the US border dominating the news cycle. Lawmakers in the Senate are on the verge of a bipartisan compromise on immigration reform. But the former president has stepped in to try to stop it. But some Republicans are pushing back saying they’re unlikely to get a better offer. In a statement lately, President B said if pass, it would be the toughest and fairest border in history, giving him the power to shut down the border as soon as he signs it. The question now is will it make it to the president’s desk or become a casualty of the campaign. 
