---
title: CBS Evening News 01.08.24
date: 2024-01-09 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with a major development after that terrifying incident in the sky. We learned just a short time ago about troubling new safety concerns and installation issues on Boeing’s 737 Max 9s. Those could be related to what caused the in-flight blowout on board an Alaska Airlines plane. Remember, the cabin lost pressure, horrifying passengers as items, including an iPhone that remain intact, was actually sucked out of the plane. The data from the cockpit voice recorder was erased, making the investigation more difficult. Well, today, the head of the NTSB said had that plane been flying any higher, it could have been catastrophic for the 171 passengers on board. As a result, every Boeing 737 Max 9 was grounded. That’s more than a hundred and seventy planes. And for days now, these inspections have been ongoing. So late today, United had revealing they have found what some of these issues are. 

The investigation here remains centered on the 737 Max 9 behind us here, but the concern about the air plane is growing after United Airlines began inspecting its Max 9s and on a handful of planes found loose bolts, bolts that hold that piece of the plane in place. Sources tell us, it’s at least five airplanes, but those inspections are ongoing. United believed those loose bolts stem from the manufacturing process. 
