---
title: CBS Evening News 01.02.24
date: 2024-01-03 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with a shakeup at the top of one of the nation’s most prominent universities. The president of Harvard, C.G, resigned today following accusations of plagiarism and alleged mismanagement of antisemitism on campus since the start of the war between Israel and Hamas. The announcement comes less than a month that after her congressional testimony that sparked outrage and intense backlash both on critics and prominent university donors. G becomes the second Ivy League leader to step down following last month’s contentious hearing before the House committee on education. 

Pressure had been building on C.G to step down even she apologized for her testimony last month. It wasn’t enough making her the shortest serving president in history of the university. Six months into her tenure as Harvard University President C.G announced she is resigning “so that our community can navigate this moment of extraordinary challenge”. G’s resignation comes nearly a month that after she and the president of UPenn and MIT faced widespread condemnation following this testimony at a House education hearing on antisemitism on college campuses. While Harvard’s governing board initially backed G she faced increasing scrutiny on charges of plagiarism in her dissertation and several articles, including reports of a new complaint filed this week. G, who was Harvard’s first Black female president denied the allegation of plagiarism and stated “it has been distressing to have doubt cast on my commitments to confronting hate and to upholding scholarly rigor and frightening to be subjected to personal attacks and threats fueled by racial animus”. 
