---
title: CBS Evening News 02.05.24
date: 2024-02-06 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
But we want to begin with the surprising news from the royal family, Britain’s King C III announcing he has cancer and is already starting treatment. Just last week, the seventy-five years old monarch underwent treatment for an enlarged prostate. That procedure led to this separate discovery. The Palace statement said the king is revealing diagnoses to raise awareness for those impacted by cancer. But there are still so many big questions tonight about what type of cancer and how it advances it is. Today, the President of the United States campaigning in Las Vegas said he is concerned about King C’s diagnosis and hopes to speak with him soon. 

Well, the Palace says King C is resting at home tonight at Clarence House, his favored London residence just around the corner from here in Buckingham Palace. He remained positive and looks forward to returning to full public duty as soon as possible. King C was last seen public just yesterday, waving at well-wishers before attending church with Queen C in Sandringham. The revelation came just one week after the seventy-five-year-old king was discharged from the hospital where he underwent treatment for a benign enlarged prostate. During that procedure, the Palace says a separate issue of concern was noted “Subsequent diagnostic tests have identified a form of cancer”. “His Majesty today commenced a schedule of regular treatments”. “He has been advised to postpone public-facing duties”. 
