---
title: CBS Evening News 02.12.24
date: 2024-02-13 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the terrifying shooting at Joel Osteen’s megachurch in Houston. The church hosts nearly forty-five thousand worshippers weekly. Police tonight are searching for a motive trying to determine why thirty-six-year-old woman opened fire. Well, here is what we know, law enforcement says the suspect has a history of mental health problems, and they found antisemitism writings. Two people were injured, including the shooter’s seven-year-old son, who tonight is in critical condition. Two off-duty police officers are being held as heroes. They shot and killed the suspect within minutes likely preventing more bloodshed. Overseas now, two hostages are back with their families after Israeli troops stormed a heavily armed department in Southern Gaza and rescued them. It all happened in the city of Rafah which Israel says is the last remaining stronghold for Hamas terrorists. It is also where more than one million civilians who are trying to find shelter from the war. 

It was an audacious mission. Under the cover of airstrikes, Israeli special forces swooped onto a second-floor apartment in Rafah. This morning, curious onlookers gathered at the scene, where soldiers have rappelled down ropes with hostages L.H and F.M as they exchanged heavy fire with Hamas fighters. The men, who are brothers-in-law, were taken to the hospital in Tel-Aviv for a longed-for reunion with their families. As the fighting wraps up in Rafah, family members urged hostage negotiators to do everything they can to bring the remaining captives back home. 
