---
title: CBS Evening News 01.03.24
date: 2024-01-04 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with the southern border, where no matter what party you’re in, there’s an agreement that something must be done to stop the unprecedented number of migrants coming across the border. But once again, while there is agreement on that, for decades, both Republicans and Democrats have been unable to pass comprehensive immigration reform. As it stands now, President B has proposed fourteen billion dollars in new funding to hire new border agents, asylum officers and immigration judges as well as new technologies to combat the flow of fentanyl. But tonight, you’ll hear from the new Republican Speaker of the House in an interview with CBSN. A record-breaking number of migrants are crossing into the United States an average about two hundred and fifty thousand per month since August. And in December, the numbers hit an all-time high with more than three hundred thousand. Well, today, a delegation of House Republicans is in the region to draw attention to the crisis. 

House Speaker J and the Republican delegation got a briefing and a firsthand look at the operations during the southern border crisis, something that local officials say has been burdening border towns. Even as House Speaker J and a group of more than sixty fellow Republicans getting briefed near the US-Mexico border migrants waded across the Rio Grande. Thousands of migrants have across illegally in the Del Rio sector, which includes town of Eagle Pass, where Fire Chief M.M says the numbers are overwhelming. Most migrants entered the US illegally but claimed asylum which means they can’t be immediately deported. To share the burden, Texas Republican Governor G.A has bused thousands of migrants to cities led by Democrats, including New York, Chicago, and Denver, where today, an encampment was taken down with hundreds of migrants moved into shelters already approaching capacity. And the buses keep showing up. Just outside Chicago, and just outside New York City, they’re targeting the suburbs to get around new local laws to require advanced notice. 
