---
title: CBS Evening News 03.05.24
date: 2024-03-06 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
On this Super Tuesday, the biggest primary day of the election cycle. Well, tonight could be the kick off to the 2024 general election and an ultimately rematch between J.B and D.T. And that will be the first time in more than one hundred years that a president faces off against a former president. Polls have just closed in Minnesota, Colorado, and Texas, but polls are still open in three of today’s fifteen contests including California. But millions of votes are still to be counted. CBSN projects that former President D.T will win the Republican primary in Texas. That’s one of the biggest prizes today. And T has won nine states so far tonight on his way to capturing the Republican nomination. We do want to focus on Vermont for just a moment, which is shaping up to be the closest race of the GOP primary today. With more than half the votes counted, the race is still considered a tossup. President continues his march to the Democratic nomination, winning every state where CBSN can make a projection.  As for the voters, CBSN exit polls show that immigration and the economy are the top issues for Republicans with many feeling angry about how things are going in this country.

As you can see, the ballroom is feeling up behind me here at T’s headquarters. This Super Tuesday may have been less suspenseful than in years pass, but it is no less consequential likely setting the stage for a rematch between the former and the current presidents while also perhaps signaling an end to N.H’s campaign. As voters across the country cast ballots today, D.T is aiming for a Super Tuesday sweep to force his last remaining rival N.H out of the race. Despite winning just one contest so far in the District of Columbia, H had vowed to stay in the running at least through today when Republican voters in fifteen states have their say. A massive delegate haul won’t be enough for T to officially clinch the nomination. That could come as soon as next week. But it could solidify his dominance in the Republican party even as he faces ninety-one charges in four criminal cases. In North Carolina, exit poll showed that sixty-four percent of Republican voters say T is fit to be president if convicted of a crime. Those cases have helped to his support among Republicans though some supporters told us, they want him to temper his rhetoric. On the Democratic side, President B is also expected to run the table. But he is aiming to stave off an opponent of his own. Voters in seven states will have the option to vote uncommitted which some Democrats hope registers opposition to the president’s handling of the Israel-Hamas war. 
