---
title: CBS Evening News 02.25.24
date: 2024-02-26 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, former President D.T has his eye set on Michigan this Tuesday for what he hopes to be another win after sweeping the primaries thus far. His challenger N.H is defying calls to drop out. At last check, her campaign says she is planning to head to the Great Lakes State after suffering a major blow and the very place that elected her twice as Governor. Well, here are the numbers with nearly all the votes counted T won South Carolina by about twenty points. 

Another decisive win for former President D.T. For the GOP front-runner, it’s also another hurdle cleared in that long road to securing one thousand two hundred and fifteen delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination. In Columbia, South Carolina, former President D.T declare victory, sweeping his fourth straight primary by double digits. Leaving his opponent, former South Carolina Governor N.H and her home state advantage thwarted. Roughly eight hundred thousand South Carolinians voted Saturday. T bested H among most key demographic groups winning majorities of both men and women plus all aged groups according to CBSN exited polls. Michigan is just one of a dozen Super Tuesday states voting on March 5th. Now, H has vowed to stay in the race until then, when over one third of the Republican delegates will be awarded. 
