---
title: CBS Evening News 12.07.21
date: 2021-12-08 18:36:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We start with an escalating tension between two former cold war rivals, the US and Russia. As the President B issued an extraordinary warning to President V.P. cut it out on the border of Ukraine, or face new economic punishment that the B administration goes far beyond the traditional sanctions and could cripple the Russian’s economy. Recall V.P. invaded and then annexed Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014. Well, tonight V.P. says he has no intention of attacking Ukraine, but it’s pressing for guarantee that the Ukraine will not join Western NATO alliance. President B has been working the phones with European leaders to form a joint strategy to deescalate or inflict significant harm on Russian’s economy should V.P. again cross the line. 

In that call, President B warned V.P. that the US and its allies are willing to go much further than they have before, posing seriously economic consequences that would weaken the Russian Ruble and, crucially cut off western investment to Russia. Ukraine, a large former Soviet Republic, wants to join the US sent most of Europe in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. With a statement after today’s meeting, the Kremlin argued quote “It’s NATO that is making dangerous attempts to expand into the Ukrainian territory.”, the President B said NO. He also said the US might send more troops to Eastern Europe and any Russian aggression could spell doom for the North Stream gas pipeline, which goes from Russia to Germany, and is crucial to Russian leaders. 
