---
title: CBS Evening News 11.18.21
date: 2021-11-19 19:05:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A.A murder trial has 111garnered national attention, and today, brought civil rights leaders to the state of Georgia. The defense rested its case today 111setting the stage for closing argument on Monday. And today, T.M, the man who shot A.A to death admitted under cross examination that the 25-year-old black man never pulled out a weapon or threaten him in any way before T.M pointed his shotgun at him. T.M and two other white man charged with murdering A.A have claimed self-defense, saying they suspected A.A a burglary and chased him down in an attempt to make a citizen’s arrest. The man has offered no evidence of A.A committing any crime. And today, T.M said A.A appeared suspicious when they pulled up him in the pickup but admitted under questioning that all A.A did was run. T.M is the only one of the three defendants to testify and today, during cross examination, the prosecution tried to poke holes in his version of the story saying what he told jury is not what he told police. T.M was back on the stand for second day of cross examination. Prosecutor L.D focused on how T.M perceived A.A as he followed and confronted the 25-year-old multiple times. L.D also questioned T.M’s version of the chase through the neighborhood that led to the fatal confrontation, getting T.M to admit that he could’ve stop following A.A after he run away from the pickup truck but did not. The prosecutor also pressed T.M on inconsistencies in his statement to police, and testimony to the jury.

:::tip set the stage for

- to provide the basis or background. 提供基础，创造条件

:::

:::tip poke holes

- To identify or highlight some flaw in some plan, idea, argument, etc. Typically used in plural constructions. 找出漏洞

:::

:::tip traumatic

- psychologically or emotionally stressful in a way that can lead to serious mental and emotional problems. 痛苦的，惨痛的

:::