---
title: CBS Evening News 12.08.21
date: 2021-12-09 18:59:42
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with a key vaccination milestone here in the US with new Covid cases and hospitalizations spiking across the country again, and a highly contagious new variant spreading to more countries. We learned today that two hundred million Americans are now fully vaccinated against the Coronavirus. That’s roughly 60% population. And the pace of vaccinations is picking up for the both first shot and boosters. Demand for the vaccine has been high amid the new surge, and the emergence of Omicron variant. And today Pfizer said early research finds that the initial two shots of its vaccine appears to be much less effective against Omicron than previous variant. But a booster dose offers significantly more protection. 

Johnson and Johnson and Moderna tell CBSN tonight they’re testing current vaccine effectiveness against Omicron, and pursuing a booster to target the new variant in case it’s needed. As the Omicron variant spreads across the country, Pfizer announced today its booster shot offers significant protection. But only a quarter of eligible Americans have had a booster, just as Covid hospitalization jumped nearly 30% in the past month, driven by the Delta variant. Four states, Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania are responsible for half of that increase. Michigan hit a record number hospitalization this week. And in South Africa, a much higher number of young children have been in the hospital with the new variant. The head of the CDC said tonight most US Omicron cases are unvaccinated people. Nearly all have mild symptoms with cough, **congestion** and fatigue. Meanwhile, the chief scientific officer of Pfizer said they expect to have a vaccine for children as young as 6 months by the summer. 

:::tip congestion

- : an excessive accumulation especially of blood or mucus. 堵塞；鼻塞
  
:::

:::tip contemplate

- : to think deeply or carefully about (something) 深思
- : to think about doing (something) : CONSIDER 考虑做
  
:::

:::tip sprinkler

- : watering spray: a device that sends out a moving spray of water, used for watering gardens or for suppressing fires. 洒水器
  
:::
