---
title: CBS Evening News 12.03.21
date: 2021-12-04 20:03:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, an intense search is underway for two parents now facing criminal charges connected to that deadly school shooting this week in Oxford Michigan. Their 15 years old son is accused using a pistol purchased just a week ago as an early Christmas present, to kill four students, injure seven other people, including a teacher. Two students are in the hospital. Prosecutor today charged J and J with involuntary manslaughter for allegedly failing to prevent the attack by not meeting their responsibilities as gun owners. The University of Michigan will honor the victims this weekend. The football team will wear a tribute badge at their Big Ten championship game tomorrow. It includes O for Oxford and initials TM.

An unexpected scramble late this afternoon, as law enforcement search for parents of the shooter. J and J each face four felony counts of involuntary manslaughter in connection of deadly rampage at Oxford High School, an attack in which their son is accused of killing four students and injuring seven others on Tuesday. The morning of the shooting, C’s teacher found a disturbing drawing on his desk. 

At least 23 cases have been confirmed in 10 states spanning from the East Coast to Hawaii. And while scientist scramble to learn more about Omicron, the Delta variant is causing an alarming surge in new infections across the mid-west and northeast.
