---
title: CBS Evening News 11.23.21
date: 2021-11-24 17:01:43
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with a tragic update in that deadly attack on a Christmas parade in Wisconsin. A sixth victim has died, an eight-year-old boy named J.S. Five adults were also killed, ranging in age from fifty-two to eighty-one years old. And there is some more breaking news, the number of people injured has jumped to more than sixty. D.B is now facing six counts of intentional homicide and likely facing additional charges. His bail, this time, is set to $5 million dollars. Just days before the parade, D.B made bail at $1,000 for allegedly trying to run over the mother of his child using the very same SUV that plowed into those people in W. He has a lengthy criminal history, and was also wanted in Nevada for falling to register as sex offender. D.B was convicted in 2006 of fathering a child in Nevada with a 15-year-old girl. 

Police insist this was an intentional act. They say the suspect was **swerving** side to side, trying to hit as many people as possible, even picking up his speed. After he allegedly did that, he ditched his vehicle and ran to someone’s home and he knocked on the door. His criminal history reveals a violent past. Earlier this month, a thirty-nine-year-old allegedly ran over his child’s mother. The night of the parade, he was free on a $1,000 bail. 


:::tip swerve

- to turn aside abruptly from a straight line or course; 突然转向

:::