---
title: CBS Evening News 12.29.21
date: 2021-12-30 22:08:04
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Now to the Covid surge and the alarming spike in hospitalizations among children. Nationwide, the number of children in hospital with Covid is up seventy-four percent in the last month. Today the World Health Organization warned that the combination of the Delta and Omicron variants could create a tsunami of new infections. 

As Omicron cases skyrocket, more kids are falling ill. Already across the country, average number of currently hospitalized kids with confirmed or suspected Covid is up seventy-four percent in the past month. In thirteen states, the number of children hospitalized with Covid has more than doubled. Much of that jumped has taken place during the holidays. The good news is that scientists say the data so far shows Omicron is causing mild symptoms in children than the Delta variant. And New York officials say that every child between five and eleven years old recently hospitalized with Covid was not fully vaccinated. Also today, an explanation from the CDC director on why the agency’s new guidelines of a shortened isolation period following a Covid infection did not call for getting a negative test. In Times Square, preparations are still underway for New Year’s Eve and nationwide there is similar dilemma. Here in New York tonight, there’s an even greater push to protect children from Covid, the state reported nearly seventy thousand new positive tests in the past twenty-four hours, that’s a sixty-five percent jump in just one day, a new record. 

:::tip vindicate

- : to show that (someone) should not be blamed for a crime, mistake, etc. : to show that (someone) is not guilty. 证明无罪
- : to show that (someone or something that has been criticized or doubted) is correct, true, or reasonable 证明正确
  
:::

:::tip socialite

- : a socially prominent person. 社会名流
  
:::

:::tip perjury

- : the voluntary violation of an oath or vow either by swearing to what is untrue or by omission to do what has been promised under oath : false swearing. 假证，伪证
  
:::

:::tip tenacious

- : not easily stopped or pulled apart : firm or strong. 坚韧的，顽强的
  
:::
