---
title: CBS Evening News 12.09.21
date: 2021-12-10 17:19:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with the new push to boost Covid immunity in millions more Americans. Today the FDA authorize Pfizer booster shots for 16 and 17 years old. Boosters are already encouraged for everyone eighteen and up. Public health officials are worries that the people who were vaccinated last winter and spring, now have weaken immunity especially against the new Omicron. Now that strain, discovered last month, has been found in at least twenty-four states. Most of those Omicron infections had actually been vaccinated people including some who received a booster. A more pressing concern tonight is surge in cases of the Delta variant that has hospitalization rising in more than half the country. In the hard hit northeast national guard troops are been deployed in several states to help overwhelmed hospitals.

The hospital in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania is so full. Covid patients have been packed in the emergency waiting room for up to 20 hours. As cases raised in the northeast, several national guard troops are being deployed to Maine, New York and New Hampshire. Tonight, sixteen and seventeen years old can now get additional protection against Covid with the FDA authorizing Pfizer booster shots for these age group, it comes as the Covid cases across the country are the raise. Averaging one hundred and seventeen thousand over a seven days period. New cases have been increased for more than 40% and reported deaths are up 37% from last week. Though that Delta variant is driving the vast majority of US cases, Omicron is showing troubling signs, at least sixty-four cases identified, more than 75% occurred in vaccinated people and one third have received a booster. And this holiday gathering has become more frequent, the push for vaccinations grows more urgent. In the northeast, where the vaccination rates are among the highest in the nation. Cases have bloomed more than 50% in the last week. Here in Pennsylvania, Covid cases are soared 35%. In Wyoming, the medical center is coping a dramatic surge in Covid cases. Most of those patients are unvaccinated. The hospital is beyond overflow operating at about 120% capacity, with nearly a quarter in the Covid unit. An unvaccinated couple critically ill with the virus refused any Covid related treatment, both died. 

:::tip cope

- : to deal with and attempt to overcome problems and difficulties. 处理；竞争
  
:::
