---
title: CBS Evening News 11.30.21
date: 2021-12-01 17:31:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with an all too familiar American tragedy, another deadly school shooting. It happened today at Oxford high school, just north of Detroit. Three students are dead, eight people wounded including a teacher. The suspected gunman is in custody, he’s fifteen years old and we’re told that he’s not cooperating with authority at this hour, as they tried to determine the motive for the attack. Before the pandemic, the U.S. was averaging about two dozen school shootings per year. This year, there has been twenty-eight, including this latest one. President tonight is reacting saying his heart goes out to the families.

The first of more than a hundred 911 calls came in just before 1 P.M, an act of shooter at Oxford high school. S.W.A.T team rushed to the school where authority found eleven people shot. Within five minutes of the first call, deputies confronted the fifteen years old suspect who surrendered. Police says the shooter has multiple magazines and appears to have active alone. Students were evacuated through the snow to a nearby supermarket parking lot. The youngest killed was just fourteen years old. And tonight, the suspect is refusing to talk and ask for attorney. 

The head of the Fed Reserve said today that the new variant could **throw a wrench in** economic recovery, slowing hiring, and **hampering** the fight against inflation. Well, that sends shockwave through Wall Street, the DOW fell more than six hundred points. That’s a loss nearly two percent. More than two hundreds cases of the new variant have turned up in twenty countries.


:::tip throw a wrench in

- to damage or change (something) in a way that ruins it or prevents it from working properly. 阻碍;打乱计划

:::

:::tip hamper

- to interfere with : to impede the natural activity of : ENCUMBER. 妨碍；束缚

:::