---
title: CBS Evening News 11.17.21
date: 2021-11-18 20:43:59
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
T.M is accused of murder along with his father and a neighbor W.R.B who chased the victim through their neighborhood before killing him. The man say they suspected the victim of burglaries and were attempting make a citizen’s arrest. While M told the judge that he wanted to tell his side of the story and teared up as he described the moment he fired his shotgun three times at the unarmed 25-year-old, calling it a life-or-death situation. M says he fired in self defense when the victim tried to take his gun. Well, prosecutor says there’s no evidence of the victim committing crimes in the neighborhood to justify the chase and deadly encounter. The victim’s killing prompts GA lawmakers to repeal most the state’s citizen’s defense law.

A bit of surprise that T.M took the stand. Only time we’d really heard from him was 911 calls or body cam videos. But today he gave his version of what happened. Instead of invoking the fifth, T.M gave jury a first-person account of what he says had happened the day he shot and killed the victim. T.M broke down crying as he described the final deadly confrontation captured on cell phone video, as a fight for his life. On February 23, 2020 his father, G.M. spotted A.A from running a home under construction. T.M says he grabbed shotgun and jumped into his truck with his father. Prosecutors have argued that the G.M, T.M and W.R.B chased A.A through the neighborhood after suspecting him a burglary. T.M also talked about his law enforcement training while in Coast Guard, and mentioned how pulling a weapon on someone can them comply. During cross-examination, prosecutor L.T discussed his point further.

:::tip coercion

- the act, process, or power of coercing. 强迫

:::

:::tip censure

- an official reprimand, rebuke. 官方谴责

:::

:::tip censure

- an official reprimand, rebuke. 官方谴责

:::

:::tip espouse

- to take up and support as a cause. 支持

:::