---
title: CBS Evening News 12.05.21
date: 2021-12-06 19:32:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the parents of the teenager who police say shot and killed four classmates at their Michigan school pleaded not guilty. J and J appeared in court after being arrested this morning, following an intense manhunt.

J and J and their 15 years old son are all now in custody here at the Oakland County Jail, being barred from contact with one another. The sheriff said the parents have been quiet, **sullen** and he hasn’t seen them show any signs of remorse. Today they faced a judge for the first time. J.C cried as each of the four manslaughter charges against her and her husband, were read in court. Prosecutor say in the days leading up to the shooting at Oxford High School, the parents bought the gun allegedly used by their son, and were warned by school officials that he was looking for ammunition on his phone and writing a violent note. But authorities say the parents did nothing. Their appearance today follows an intense search by law enforcement. The couple failed to show up for Friday arraignment. US Marshals announced a bounty of up $10,000 each. A business owner in Detroit about 45 miles away spotted J.C’s car and called 911. Police say they were hiding in a vacant art studio. Their attorneys say they were going to turn themselves in. The Js have pleaded not guilty to all charges. The judge set their bond at half a million dollars each. All this comes as a community grieves the loss of four young lives. At a vigil Friday, there was a brief panic, after someone fainted and people mistakenly thought there was someone with a gun. There were no reports of serious injuries. And the sheriff believes someone let the Js into that art studio. They’re investigating, and that person could potentially face charges, including aiding, abetting and obstruction.

:::tip grit

- informal : mental toughness and courage. 勇气，决心
  
:::

:::tip humility

- : the quality or state of not thinking you are better than other people : the quality or state of being humble. 谦逊，谦卑

:::

:::tip bygone

- : gone by : PAST especially : OUTMODED. 过去的，过时的
  
:::

:::tip amnesty

- : the act of an authority (such as a government) by which pardon is granted to a large group of individuals. 大赦
  
:::
