---
title: CBS Evening News 12.11.21
date: 2021-12-12 19:01:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Mother nature has brutalized part of the country yet again as a deadly storm scrapped across at least six states overnight, causing what’s likely to be the deadliest American’s disaster in more than four years. Meteorologists haven’t made a final determination but by all accounts, the damage is a storm. The path of destruction stretches across parts of Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee, Illinois and Kentucky. Dozens are feared dead and debris in some places launched seven miles high. The Bluegrass State of Kentucky is among the hardest hit.

By daylight the search intensified, excavators were brought in to dig through the wreckage. To Arkansas, more destruction because of another tornado, one of the nursing homes was torn apart, at least one person died, twenty people were trapped. Storm left a more than 140 miles path of destruction, across the state of Tennessee, homes were leveled. Back here in Kentucky, searching rescue efforts continues right now, including Nuremburg County, 10 people died.

It’s truly devastation here in the Amazon warehouse, in Edwardsville, Illinois. A tornado came through last night, causing a catastrophic damage to this warehouse, six people are now confirmed dead following the devastating tornado. Polices say they responded around 8:30, believed there were several dozen employees inside the warehouse at the time the tornado came through. This building is only about 2 years old, and it was a distribution hub for Amazon. The majority of the warehouse here to be completely destroyed. Amazon has said they are monitoring situation here at Edwardsville and heartbroken over the loss of their team members.
