---
title: CBS Evening News 11.27.21
date: 2021-11-28 17:09:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, new cases of the Covid variant Omicron are cropping up around the world, Britain, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Germany, Italy, Israel, and Hong Kong all with confirmed cases now. In addition to South Africa, Botswana reported at least four. The UK reimposes the mask mandate as Prime Minister Boris Johnson has this warning today, quote “It looks like Omicron can be spread between people who are double-vaccinated.”

The discovery of the new variant has sent a chill across the globe, and scientists are understandably worried. Omicron has over 50 mutations, which could make it more transmissible and vaccine-resistant. And many countries have rushed to slap a travel bans against South Africa. But public experts like epidemiologist professor S.K warned that the virus is probably already in many countries. International travelers have been left stranded, as the US joined countries in Europe and Asia in closing the doors to South Africa suspending airlines and hastily introducing quarantine rules. In a strongly-worded statement, South Africa’s foreign ministry criticized the travel bans saying excellent science should be applauded not punished, and that the country was being penalized for its ability to detect variants quickly. 

New York Governor K.H declared a state of emergency today, in the face of the Covid variant telling New Yorkers, it’s coming.


:::tip superfluous

- beyond what is needed : not necessary. 不必要的；多余的
  
:::