---
title: CBS Evening News 12.30.21
date: 2021-12-31 17:34:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It was exactly two years ago to the day, that the world learned of unknown virus causing flu-symptoms in China. Now the Omicron variant of that coronavirus is fueling another global wave of infection. The US has reported nearly half a million new cases in a single day. That’s the largest daily total of any country during this pandemic. Meanwhile, and importantly, hospitalizations nationwide are at the highest level since September. And today, there was big news for parents with the FDA set to authorize Pfizer booster shots for twelve to fifteen years old. And Covid cases among airline workers continues to **snarl** the skies with more than one thousand flights canceled today.

It was another record-breaking day in New York with nearly seventy-five thousand new cases reported state wide. Hospitalizations are also rising fast here, with more than a thousand hospitals reporting across the country a critical staffing shortage.

With final preps underway for the New Year’s Eve ball drop in Times Square, Covid cases keep rising to record highs. To fight the surge, incoming New York City Mayor Eric Adams said he will keep in place a first in the country vaccine mandate for private-sector workers. City services are feeling the strain. Several subway lines have suspended operations because of staffing shortages. The fire department says thirty percent of its EMS personnel is out sick, and twenty-one percent of NYPD officers are out too. In Cincinnati, the mayor declared a state of emergency, after more than two dozens of firefighters came down with Covid, with those remaining forced to work overtime. Nationwide, Covid cases are rising so fast, it’s estimated more than three Americans are testing positive every second. Fifteen states including D.C. and Puerto Rico are averaging more daily cases than ever. Florida shattered its state’s record that was set just yesterday. And as pediatric hospitalizations hit a record high for the year, the FDA is reportedly expected to authorize Pfizer boosters for twelve to fifteen years old early next week and boosters for children five to eleven with compromised immunity. J&J released data showing its booster is effective at reducing hospitalizations against the Omicron variant. Still, no matter their vaccination status, travelers are now being urged to avoid cruises and new guidance out today from the CDC. More than five thousand new Covid cases on cruise ships were reported in the last two weeks. Omicron surge has continued to strand those travelling by air. More than a thousand flights have been canceled today. Another tool against Covid is soon on its way. The first of the pills authorized for at-home treatment are expected to go out this week. 


:::tip snarl

- : to cause to become knotted and intertwined : TANGLE. 妨碍，堵塞；咆哮
  
:::

:::tip tranquillizer

- : a drug used to reduce mental disturbance (such as anxiety and tension). 镇静剂
  
:::
