---
title: CBS Evening News 12.15.21
date: 2021-12-16 20:09:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with the most heart wrenching witness accounts we have heard since the once in a century outbreak of tornados across the America’s heartland. In Kentucky tonight, the state in a rescue recovery mode, with more than one hundred and twenty people unaccounted for, but the governor says he believes that number is even higher. Residents are trying to pick up the pieces in what could be a years-long recovery. Experts says insurance losses from the destructive tornados could reach five billion dollars across six states. The death toll now stands at eighty-eight, and we're now learning that includes at least thirteen children. President B approved an emergency declaration for counties in Tennessee and Illinois where that Amazon warehouse collapsed, claimed six lives. The president B already declared an emergency for Kentucky and will visit the state on Wednesday to survey the damage. 

New CDC data shows the Omicron variant increases in the US, making nearly 3 percent of new infections. A study out of South Africa today shows the variant appears to be more resistant to 2 doses of Pfizer vaccine, knocking down efficacy against hospitalization to 70%, and against infection 33%. But if authorized by the FDA, the new treatment pill could be available this month. Meanwhile, infections among children are spiking, up nearly 24% since last week, starting today, New York City will require children ages five to eleven to show prove of at least one vaccine dose. And December 27th, children 12 and up will have to show they are fully vaccinated.


:::tip unfathomable

- : not capable of being fathomed: IMMEASURABLE; impossible to comprehend. 无法测量的，深不可测的
  
:::

:::tip cadaver

- : a dead body. 尸体
  
:::
