---
title: CBS Evening News 11.25.21
date: 2021-11-26 16:51:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
For a second year in a row, Americans are expressing their gratitude in the midst of a pandemic. Just yesterday, the US recorded more than 111,000 new Covid cases and more than 1,600 fatalities. But now, more than 196 million Americans are fully vaccinated, including nearly 134,000 children between the ages of 5 and 11. With no lockdown in effect, more Americans are travelling this holiday weekend. Two million people passed through US airport on Thanksgiving eve alone. And here in New York City today, the streets were once again packed with crowds at the Thanksgiving Day Parade. But while Covid vaccines and boosters have helped Americans bring back their favorite holiday traditions, health officials do remind us the threat is not over.

Thousand of people lined the sidewalks, starting here at Macy’s at Herald Square to watch the parade. And the people we spoke with said they were happy to take the necessary precautions to celebrate safely with families and friends. It certainly looks and feels like things are back to normal this Thanksgiving. In New York City, crowds gather together to watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. Last year’s parade was TV only. All across the country, families are coming together with fewer travel and Covid restrictions. More than 53 million people are driving, flying and taking trains to their Thanksgiving destinations. Airports saw the highest number of passengers since the start of the pandemic. The TSA screened more than 2.3 million travelers yesterday. Once you get to your destination, Dr. A.F recommends gathering only with people who are vaccinated, otherwise, get tested. Since tests are so widely available now, that should be something that a person should be willing to do rather than put everyone else at risk. Covid cases are on the rise in 25 states, and hospitalizations are up in 22 states. 

:::tip brazen

- marked by shameless or disrespectful boldness. 厚颜无耻的；不要脸的

:::

:::tip uncharted

- not recorded or plotted on a map, chart, or plan; unknown. 未标记的；未知的

:::

:::tip benign

- of a mild type or character that does not threaten health or life
especially : not becoming cancerous. 良性的

:::