---
title: CBS Evening News 11.11.21
date: 2021-11-12 23:04:36
tags: 
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The concert, headlined by rapper T.S, drew about fifty thousand fans last Friday. Many were trembled and struggled to breath as the crowd surge towards the stage. T has a history of inciting fans to rage at his shows, and there are now dozens of lawsuits against T.S and concert organizer, one of them has more than a hundred plaintiffs.

H police say they’re investigating themselves to understand what more could’ve been done to stop those death. It’s still unclear why it took so long to act on that escalating catastrophe. H police department dispatch record quote “There’s a lot people trembled and passed out at the front stage.” We’re hearing for the first-time police radio calls as chaos set in, quote “multiple reports of people being injured.”

The issues of kids and wearing masks in schools is a flashpoint again tonight, after a federal judge ordered a halt to a ban on mask mandates in Texas. After month of protests and intense school board meetings, a federal judge struck down part of a Texas executive order, banning mask mandates in school. 
There are alarming new numbers tonight on kids in Covid, more than one hundred children have now tested positive for Covid every week, for the past thirteen weeks. And now there’re growing concerns about impacts of Covid on children
