---
title: CBS Evening News 11.14.21
date: 2021-11-15 21:24:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tomorrow, the president B is expected to sign the rough $1 trillion dollar bill, aimed at rebuilding and improving the country’s infrastructure. Mr. B will also meet with C’s president in a virtual meeting. Well today, as the Mr. B return to the W.H from Camp D, trouble is brewing in part due to rising economic discontent. When you look at the economy as a whole, some of the numbers are strong. Unemployment is down, Americans have more money in their checking account on average than they did before the pandemic and the stock market is up. The problem is so is the price almost everything else. In the interview on Sunday, the Secretary of T said Covid caused a **seismic** shift in the ways of Americans spend their money leading to shortages. Quote “There is an economic cost and Americans feel it” The consumer price index, which tracks the cost of everyday items from eggs to pickup trucks, jumped 6.2% in the past year. And speaking of eggs, they’re up about 12%, so are cars and trucks. A new one will run nearly 10% more, and a used one, 26%. B.D head of the National economic councils said today that the democrat’s $2 trillion dollar B.B.B plan will help stabilize the economy, but Republicans disagree. A new poll out today shows the most of Americans support the social spending measure, as well as the $1.2 trillion transportation bill. But 70% percent say the economy is in bad shape. And only 39% approve of the way president B is handling it.

Quoto "We're going to see a post-holiday spike, there's no question about that. People are exhausted right now, but we need to remain **vigilant**."

Quote "I've been very frustrated with the **convoluted** messaging out of CDC and FDA.

:::tip seismic

- having a strong or widespread impact. 巨大的或广泛的影响
- of, subject to, or caused by an earthquake. 地震的，地震相关的

:::

:::tip vigilant

- carefully noticing problems or signs of danger. 警觉的，警惕的
- 
:::

:::

:::tip convoluted

- very complicated and difficult to understand. 极难理解的

:::

:::tip discreet

- having or showing discernment or good judgment in conduct and especially in speech : PRUDENT. 谨慎的

:::

:::tip discernment

- the quality of being able to grasp and comprehend what is obscure : skill in discerning. 识别、辨别能力

:::

