---
title: CBS Evening News 11.29.21
date: 2021-11-30 15:36:32
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with the new Covid variant that the World Health Organization says poses a very high risks around the globe. The Omicron strain hasn’t turned up in the US, but Dr. A.F warned it’s likely already circulating here in America, and that has the B administration responding. The new Omicron variant was first discovered earlier this month in South Africa. It has since spread more than a dozen countries around the world. As a precaution, the US has joined other nations restricting travel from South Africa and other countries in that region. The president saying today there is no need right now for lockdowns or other drastic measures, which had Wall Street **breathing a sigh of relief**. After the Dow had its worst day of the year on Friday, it rebounded in more than 230 points today, but Fed Chair J.P says the emergence of that new variant could negatively impact the economy. 

Tonight, the CDC is strengthening its recommendation that all adults who received either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine should get their booster shot, so long as it’s been at least six months since it’s previous shot. Also tonight, the Washington Post reports that Pfizer will seek authorization so that 16 and 17-year-olds can get their boosters, and it expects that to be approved quickly. Calling Omicron, a variant of concern, the World Health Organization says it has the potential to pose a very high global risk, as it is loaded with more mutations than Delta. First identified last week in South Africa, it’s not yet cleared whether Omicron spreads more easily or causes more severe infections. Today, president B says it’s inevitable that the Omicron variant will reach the US and pledged to fight it with science and speed while appealing for calm, quote “This variant is a cause for concern, not a cause for panic.”


:::tip breathe a sigh of relief

- to relax because something one has been worrying about is not a problem or danger anymore : to feel relieved. 松了口气

:::