---
title: CBS Evening News 12.12.21
date: 2021-12-13 17:15:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Scores of people remain unaccounted for tonight with **dwindling** hope of finding them alive, after tornados cut a **swath** of destruction across at least six states. The vicious centerpiece was monster supercell that carved an hours-long 250 miles path, from Eastern Arkansas to Western Kentucky. Over 100 people are feared dead, at least eighty of them are from Kentucky. 

In Mayfield, Kentucky, crews with heavy machinery were powered up clearing piles of debris in downtown. The largest loss of life could be here at the Mayfield Consumer Products candle factory. About 110 people were on the job Friday night when the tornado obliterated the plant. 40 people were rescued, but the search for survivors continues. Cleanup of **decimated** houses and businesses will be a long process after more than 30 tornados ripped through six states, from Arkansas all the way to Illinois. 

About 45 employees were able to make it out of this Amazon facility after the tornado ripped through the building, **toppling** a 40-foot tall and 150-foot-long wall, in the process, killing six people. Now at this point this is still an active scene, first responders remain out here. They are still searching, but they say at this point, everyone appears to be accounted for. 

Back here in Mayfield, Kentucky, candle factory worker, R.P. of Puerto Rico, struggles just to stand. He is still in so much pain after being hit with debris. 

President B returned to the White House today after spending the weekend at his Delaware home. The president has said the federal aid to the tornado-devastated communities is on its way, and he plans to visit but will wait until his presence doesn’t **hinder** relief effort. 

:::tip dwindle

- : to become steadily less : SHRINK. 逐渐减少、变小
  
:::

:::tip swath

- : a space devastated as if by a scythe. 镰刀收割后的痕迹
  
:::

:::tip scythe

- : an implement used for mowing grass, grain, or other crops and composed of a long curving blade fastened at an angle to a long handle. 长柄镰刀
  
:::

:::tip decimate

- : to cause great destruction or harm to. 大量破坏
  
:::

:::tip topple

- : to cause to topple. 掀翻，使倒塌
  
:::

:::tip hinder

- : to make slow or difficult the progress of : HAMPER 妨碍
- : to hold back : PREVENT, CHECK 阻止
  
:::

