---
title: CBS Evening News 12.13.21
date: 2021-12-14 21:04:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin tonight from one of the hardest hit parts of the entire state. This tiny, close-knit community, where every home for as far as I can see looks just like debris. The destruction is indescribable and the loss, **unfathomable**. Tens of thousands are without heat, water or electricity. And it is cold here and it is only going to get worse with temperatures expected to dip below freezing by the end of week. But for many people that we’ve met here, losing their homes is nothing compared to losing their loved ones. And today the saddest news of all, the number of children taken in this tornado outbreak. The devastation spans six states, victim ranged in age from infants to 86-year-old. The massive tornado with winds as strong as a Cat 5 hurricane, touched down in central Arkansas, and remained on the ground for more than 200 miles, as it destroyed everything in its path. President B who declared an emergency declaration for Kentucky over the weekend will travel to Mayfield and hard-hit Dawson Springs on Wednesday to survey the damage. He has promised that his administration will do whatever is needed to help those devastated by the storms. And as we heard here on the ground, that help is desperately needed. More than 1,000 homes across 18 Kentucky counties reduced to rubble. 

:::tip unfathomable

- : not capable of being fathomed: IMMEASURABLE; impossible to comprehend. 无法测量的，深不可测的
  
:::

:::tip cadaver

- : a dead body. 尸体
  
:::
