---
title: CBS Evening News 11.20.21
date: 2021-11-21 20:22:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is calm in K, Wisconsin after protesters took the streets in other cities, following the not guilty verdict on all counts for K.R. The Illinois teenager acted in self-defense when he shot and killed two men and wounded a third in the summer of 2020 during a protest. One demonstration turned into riot in Portland, but it was peaceful in New York City. 

Despite initial concerns of unrest, the city is moving forward after Friday’s **acquittal**. Police in Portland working to declare a riot Friday night as a group of two hundred protesters broke windows and threw objects at officers. In Brooklyn, New York, hundreds made their voices heard, objecting to Wisconsin jury’s decision to acquit K.R. The jury with seven women and five men deliberated for about twenty-six hours, finding the eighteen-year-old not guilty on all five counts, for the shooting lead two men dead. Five hundred national guard troops have been stationed stand-by ahead of the verdict. K.R was facing a life sentence if he has been convicted the most serious of charges, first degree intentional homicide, but instead he now plans to pursuit a career in nursing. 

Housing Democrats are celebrating Friday sweeping passage of two trillion-dollar social spending bill, and it move to the Senate where the razor thin Democratic majority leaves no room for error.

President B spent the day celebrating his seventy-nineth birthday quietly in Wilmington, Delaware. Meanwhile the White House is celebrating forward progress of social spending bill, but they’re holding the streamers until it gets to the Senate. But some of its measures might not survive the Senate, which will get to changes before kicking it back a final time to the House. Progressive Senator B.S says he wants to strengthen the bill in a number of ways. The White House says President B would’ve prefer his original even bigger package, but he’s focused on compromise. Now unlike the bipartisan infrastructure bill, this measure doesn’t have any Republican support, so the White House will have to find a way to get all fifty Democrats in the Senate happy or equally acceptably unhappy in order to get it to pass.

:::tip acquittal

- a setting free from the charge of an offense by verdict, sentence, or other legal process. 宣判无罪

:::