---
title: CBS Evening News 11.19.21
date: 2021-11-20 16:36:05
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is new reaction tonight to the verdict in the K.R trial. A jury in Wisconsin, today, found the 18 years old from Illinoi, not guilty on all charges. K.R shot and killed two protesters and wounded a third in August of 2020. This trial sparked debate across the country, about gun rights and self-defense. K.R brough a semi-automatic rifle and a medical kit to protest, saying he want to protect businesses, when violence erupted over the police shooting of a Black man who was left paralyzed. K.R’s case garnered national attention dividing Americans over whether he was doing the right thing, or acting as a reckless vigilante.

Five hundred national guard troops remain on standby tonight, outside of the city of K. But while there have demonstrations, so far, there’s been no signs of unrest. The teen was facing five **felony** counts, including first degree intentional homicide which carries a life sentence. K.R’s attorney was asked how K.R felt, leaving a courthouse freeman. Quote” A huge sense of relief for what the jury did to him today. He wishes none of this would have ever happened.” The jury of seven women and five men deliberated for 26 hours. They believed K.R’s claims that he acted in self-defense when he killed two men and wounded a third during unrest in Kenosha last year. During eight days of testimony, prosecutors tried to portray K.R as an instigator, armed with an AR-15 styled weapon, who provoked the shootings. Outside the courthouse, friends and family members of the victims called the verdict unjust. 


:::tip gavel to gavel

- extending from the beginning to the end of a meeting or session. 从头到尾的

:::

:::tip felony

-  a grave crime differing from a misdemeanor under English common law by involving forfeiture in addition to any other punishment. 重罪

:::

:::tip abide by

-  to conform to; to accept without objection. 遵守；接受

:::

