---
title: CBS Evening News 11.09.21
date: 2021-11-10 15:43:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
More than 25 million people have had a booster shot since the FDA authorized it for everyone who was at least 65, high risk, or who already received J&J shot. And study indicates a third dose could be critical, as mounting evidence shows efficacy wanes anywhere from six to eight months after full vaccination. Children remain at high risk after 5 to 11 years old became eligible for the Pfizer shot late last week. New data shows more than 100,000 children test positive for the 13th straight week. More than 350 children died from Covid since the beginning of September, bringing the total to nearly 900 child deaths since the start of the pandemic. In New York City today, these parents jumped to the chance to get the first vaccine dose for their children. Demand is outpacing supply at some schools and pediatricians’ offices.

Investigators are combing through the concert site, examining fence aimed at crowd control, which has the crowd surge became death traps.

More than 4.2 million people are expected to travel by air, up 80% over the dismal travel week last year. It comes as the Biden administration lifted its international travel ban. But can airport handle the crowd? As of last month, only 60% of TSA agents said they were partially vaccinated. The agency tells CBS News, it’s laser-focused on vaccinating their workforce by the November 22nd deadline. And expect lots of traffic on nation’s highway. AAA anticipates 90% travelers will jump in the car Thanksgiving weekend. That’s more than 48 million people on the road, despite the average gas price of gas costing more than $1 more per gallon since this time last year.
