---
title: CBS Evening News 12.21.21
date: 2021-12-22 19:45:32
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the Omicron surge; the variant is spreading faster than all other Covid strains. On Monday, the CDC reported nearly two hundred and ninety thousand new Covid cases since this pandemic began. And the spike in cases has President B unveiling new plans to combat Omicron. While just days to go until our second Covid Christmas, health officials are urging those headed to family gatherings to do the following. Get tested, vaccinated and boosted, underscoring that vaccinations reduce your risk. Professional sports are also grappling with this **resurgence**. The NHL announced it will pause its season and the league will reportedly keep its players out of Beijing Winter Olympics after a spike in infections. 

Just days before Christmas, it’s a scramble against fast moving Omicron with the CDC predicting record high new infections nationwide as soon as January. Here in New York, more than one in ten tests is coming back positive for Covid. In Time Square, the crossroads of the world, long lines to get tested as the rapidly spread Omicron variant grips New York City. Ninety-two percent of cases in the area are connected to Omicron. And the city is testing more than one hundred and thirty thousand people each day, doubled the number from just three weeks ago. Today mayor of NYC announcing a reward for booster shots quote “Get your booster shot, get a hundred-dollar incentive”. And there’s a **rampant** Covid testing in Chicago where the mayor said proof of vaccine requirements for restaurants, gyms and entertain venues. And tonight, the CDC reports more than one thousand children have now died from Covid since the beginning of the pandemic. Researchers shows that the risk of household transmission is nearly three times higher for Omicron than the Delta variant. One in five hospitals nationwide is expecting staffing shortage within a week. And the FDA is reportedly expected approve treatment pills from Pfizer and Merck sometime this week. The pills could be taken out the early onset symptoms and help prevent hospitalizations. 

:::tip resurgence

- : a rising again into life, activity, or prominence. 复苏
  
:::

:::tip rampant

- : marked by a menacing wildness, extravagance, or absence of restraint. 复苏
  
:::

:::tip frantic

- : emotionally out of control. 情绪失控的
  
:::


