---
title: CBS Evening News 12.01.21
date: 2021-12-02 18:31:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the first confirmed infection from the new Covid variant, Omicron, here in the United States. And CBS News has just learned that CDC is reviewing more potential cases in several states. The first was detected in San Francisco, the patient was fully vaccinated, but not boosted, and had recently traveled to South Africa. Hundreds of cases of the new variant have now been confirmed in more than 20 countries. Prompting the B administrations to prepare stricter testing requirements for all travelers entering the US, including the Americans. Today, president B said quote “This is why boosters are needed” and implored Americans to get that additional dose. 135 million Americans are considered eligible for boosters. Only about 42 million have got them so far. 

CBS News has learned the first known US Omicron patient came through here, San Francisco International Airport. Now public officials are crediting the state’s large scale testing program for finding that case. They say testing will now be stepped up in airport. The patient was identified only as someone between 18 and 49 who landed in the US three days before Thanksgiving. Developed mild symptoms on Thanksgiving Day, and tested positive four days later. The sample was then genetically sequenced overnight of University of California San Francisco Lab. Five days after the World Health Organization declared Omicron a variant of concern, little is known. Officials are urging the public not to panic, but say it may be more contagious and better able to **evade** vaccine than any other variant discovered so far. Today at the White House, Dr. A.F said it will be weeks for researchers to determine how severe and transmissible Omicron really is. But current vaccines, he says, probably offer at least some protection.

:::tip evade

- to avoid the performance of : DODGE, CIRCUMVENT 
  especially : to fail to pay (taxes). 逃避，规避

:::

:::tip scrutinize

- : to examine closely and minutely. 仔细审查

:::

:::tip arbiter

- : a person with power to decide a dispute : JUDGE. 仲裁者，裁决人

:::

:::tip scourge

- : whip : a cause of wide or great affliction. 鞭子，鞭打；苦难，灾祸的根源

:::

:::tip affliction

- : great suffering. 折磨，苦难

:::

:::tip bludgeon

- : to hit with heavy impact. 
  : to attack or overcome by aggressive argument : BULLY 用大棒打击；恫吓

:::

:::tip profanity

- : profane language. 脏话(lace; a veral attack)

:::
