---
title: CBS Evening News 12.25.21
date: 2021-12-26 20:03:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, Christians around the world are celebrating a Christmas tainted by Covid, the latest surging cases, largely fueled by the Omicron variant force people to suddenly change their plans from holiday travel to how they worship. And the U.S. daily new cases are at the highest level since last summer, the daily average of new Covid cases is now at more than one hundred and ninety-seven thousand, that is up sixty-five percent over the last two weeks. There are more than seventy thousand people hospitalized up ten percent. 

It’s another Covid Christmas, with the latest count showing more than forty-four thousand in the New York state testing positive in a single day. The latest surge has led some churches make a difficult decision at a time when many are hoping to gather. Across the country it is a second Covid Christmas which for many means another holiday of streaming services online. With Omicron fueling the latest surge, New Yorkers waited in the cold this week for free testing-kits. Even the unvaccinated were invited in masked at famous St. Patrick’s Cathedral which remained open with Covid protocol. Covid is also having a huge impact on the nation’s blood supply, the American Red Cross says that centers across the country have less than a day’s supply of blood, that’s the worst it’s been years. The organization is urging those who are healthy to donate. 

The worldwide surging Covid cases is **wreaking** havoc on people’s travel plans this Christmas weekend.

United Airlines and Delta are now on their second day of cancelation in the triple digits, but the airline says it’s only a small fraction of flights that are being canceled, most will take off on ???schedule on this, one of the busiest weekends for air travel. For many travelers hoping for a smooth holiday weekend, getting home is becoming a bit of nightmare. Nearly a thousand flights are being canceled in the U.S. tonight, with airports in the Atlanta, Los Angeles and Newark, New Jersey seeing some of the most dropped flights.??? a mix some winter weather and the fast spreading of the Omicron variant leading to sick employees and shortages in airline staff. It’s a tough time for wearing Americans eager to travel again, with a nearly two hundred percent increase from last year in airline passenger’s traveling on Christmas Eve alone. Some with canceled flights will ??? the roads join in a hundred million others this holiday season. And for those whose  plan??? to make a landing in time for Christmas dinner, a promise of reunion, now years ??? So many flights are being canceled, and tomorrow hundreds more are expected to be canceled as well and for those fliers who are concerned about the fast spreading Omicron variant, if they’re stuck at the airports here at the LAX, while you wait, you could get a test, vaccine or even a booster.

:::tip wreak

- : Bring about, cause. 招致，带来
  
:::
