---
title: CBS Evening News 11.12.21
date: 2021-11-13 17:47:56
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Former president T has directed his allies not to cooperated in the Congressional investigation into the deadly assault on the US Congress in January. Bannon is among aides refusing speak with lawmakers, and he was indicted today on two counts of contempt of Congress. He is expected to turn himself in on Monday. Former president T’s chief of staff, M, had until today to respond to a subpoena from those same investigators. He too was a no-show, and could now face similar charges. And investigators want to know what exactly president T and his advisors were doing, and who they were communicating during and before that violent insurrection as it unfolded. That has led to an escalating legal battle between team T and House members looking for answers.

The reaction tonight from lawmakers was swift. The select committee is saying tonight, that B’s indictment has sent a clear message to anyone trying to stonewall their investigation that no one is above the law.

Tonight, former White House strategist, B, is charged with two counts of contempt of Congress for failing to comply with a subpoena from the House select committee investigating the January 6th attack on the Capital. According to the indictment, B did not produce documents and communications and did not appear for a deposition. Each count carries a maximum penalty about $1000 and 1 year in jail. B is the first individual who is charged in the January 6th probe. The committee alleged B appears to have played a multi-faceted role in the events of January 6th and have the specific knowledge about them, including this warning on his podcast, January 5th. Quote “All hell is going to break loose tomorrow. It’s not going to happen like you think it’s going to happen. It’s going to be quite extraordinarily different.” His indictment comes as former president T’s chief of staff, M, was a no-show today before the select panel. The committee now threating him with contempt too, stating “It’s unfortunate that Mr. M has chosen to join a very small group of witnesses who believe they’re above the law.” 
