---
title: CBS Evening News 11.15.21
date: 2021-11-16 17:37:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
S.B, former president T’s chief strategist not only turned himself in to federal authorities today, he live-streamed his way into US custody. Mr. T has directed S.B and other allies to refuse to cooperate with investigation into that Jan.6th assault, and that resulted in S.B being hit with federal criminal charges. House member looking into the events that led up into the insurrection, hope the case against S.B will send signal to other T’s allies that refusing to cooperate could lead to jail time.

S.B was unapologetic outside of court today before being released on his own **recognizance**. S.B told reporters; he is going on the offensive. S.B played to the cameras as he turned himself in and live-streamed surrender to federal law enforcement. Inside court, a more reserved S.B told the federal judge that he understood the condition of his release, including turning over his passport. The former White House strategist faces two charges of criminal contempt of Congress for failure to appear for deposition and produce documents to the House Select Committee investigating the Jan.6th attack. Both carry a fine of up to 100,000 dollars and a year in jail if convicted. The Select Committee believes S.B have specific knowledge and was in touch with the former president in the run up to the Capital riot. The panel has issued nearly three dozen subpoenas and is also threatening contempt charges against former chief of staff M.M after he skipped a deposition last week. S.B is scheduled to be **arraigned** Thursday.

:::tip recognizance

- an obligation of record entered into before a court or magistrate requiring the performance of an act (such as appearance in court) usually under penalty of a money forfeiture. 保证书

:::

:::tip arraign

- to call (a defendant) before a court to answer to an indictment or charge. 提审

:::

:::tip deliberation

- the act of thinking about or discussing something and deciding carefully : the act of deliberating. 深思熟虑;审议

:::

:::tip incomprehensible 

- impossible to intelligible. 费解的

:::