---
title: CBS Evening News 11.21.21
date: 2021-11-22 20:10:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
CBS has learned that two of seventeen Americans and Canadians seized in Haiti by a criminal gang have been released, while there have been no official confirmations, the Christian Aid Ministries, the group that sponsored the hostages, said this in part, quote “We’re able to report that the two hostages that were released are safe, in good spirits and being cared for. We cannot provide or confirm the names of these released, the reasons for their release, where they are from, or their current location.” The seventeen, including five children, were **abducted** in October after visiting an **orphanage**. The incident highlighted Haiti’s growing kidnapping problem. It has worsened amid economic and political crises following a devastating earthquake in August and the assassination of the country’s president in last July. Also breaking tonight, during a holiday parade in W, Wisconsin, a fast-moving SUV drove right through the parade. Multiple people have been injured. The red SUV has been recovered. A search for the driver is underway. W is about 20 miles outside of Milwaukee.

Millions of Americans are hitting the road days ahead of Thanksgiving as health officials warn of a post-holiday surge of Covid infections. And the concern is very real, Covid has already killed more people this year than in all of 2020.

Millions of Americans are on the move here and elsewhere across the country, and as the number of travelers jumps, so has the number of new Covid infections. Millions of Americans are bracing for long lines, full flights and packed airport in what’s expected to be the biggest travel period since the start of the pandemic. **Pent-up** demand and opening borders and spurring travel. On Saturday, two million fliers went through TSA checkpoints, but worker shortages and Covid concerns are worrying travelers. Beginning tomorrow, TSA employees are required to be vaccinated. The agency says most workers are complying, but according to its latest numbers, 40 percent still haven’t gotten a shot. There are more than sixty million Americans eligible to be vaccinated aren’t.


:::tip abduct

- to seize and take away (a person) by force. 绑架

:::

:::tip orphanage

- an institution for the care of orphans. 孤儿院

:::

:::tip pent-up

- held or kept inside : not released. 被抑制的 pent-up demand

:::