---
title: CBS Evening News 12.05.22
date: 2022-12-06 18:26:59
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are following a number of new developing stories including the final push for votes at high stakes Georgia Senate run off. Plus, the shocking story of a young girl adopted from her own front yard. But we do want to begin with the state of emergency in North Carolina where tens of thousands are still without power and schools will be canceled for a second day after multiple power stations came under attack. Officials say a person or group were prepared intentionally targeted the grid with gunfire. And the FBI is involved in the investigation with the power company warns it could take days before electricity is fully restored. 

The community is wondering who is behind this attack. The utility company here may need until Thursday to get electricity flowing again. Criminal and targeted, an attack at the heart of North Carolina, someone shot at two power substations. Gunfire that wrecked major utility equipment pushing more counties into crisis. Who and why is unclear, but the impact was obvious. Like these traffic lights, all across North Carolina, has no power. Back in January, CBSN obtained a bulletin from the Department of Homeland Security warning that domestic violent extremists continue to plot credible, specific plans to attack, electricity infrastructure. The US has roughly fifty-five thousand substations. Earlier this year, Sixty Minutes profiled how lightly protected and vulnerable they often are. Turns out, taking out fewer than twenty critical substations all at once could blackout the entire country, the way Moore County looks today. For now, this attack has not considered domestic terrorism but people here are unnerved and with no power, schools have been canceled and a curfew will be in effect again tonight.
