---
title: CBS Evening News 06.25.22
date: 2022-06-26 16:13:11
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, the consequences of Supreme Court’s decision ending constitutional protections for abortion rights and overturning nearly fifty years of law swept across the country. For some, it’s a moment of **jubilation**. For others, a moment to vent their outrage. Today, demonstrators converged in cities across the country demanding to be heard. Thirteen states have laws on the books that ban abortion almost immediately. The others are poised to ban or greatly restrict it. 

Well, this clinic actually expanded hours today to try to accommodate as many women as possible before the attorney of general says they have to close their doors. And here has also been center stage for demonstrations, just the ones we’ve seen across the country. Large crowds returned to the streets of Los Angeles today. Across the country, the court’s ruling fueled tensions. In Cedar Rapids, Iowa, a pickup truck drove through abortion rights supporters, and in Washington DC, protests and celebrations. Here in Mississippi today, protesters gathered outside the state’s only abortion clinic. It’s at the very center of the Supreme Court case. The clinic, known as the “Pink House” could shut down in just weeks. Mississippi is one of the twenty-six states where abortion will soon be illegal. Thirteen of those states currently have laws would ban abortion immediately. 

Today, at the White House, the President signed to law the first major gun control legislation passed by Congress in nearly thirty years. The bipartisan compromise seemed unimaginable untill recent series of mass shootings, including Uvalde, Texas and Buffalo, New York. The President also criticized the Supreme Court's recent ruling on guns and abortion, calling them "terrible decisions."

:::tip jubilation

- : an expression of great joy 欢庆
  
:::
