---
title: CBS Evening News 03.27.22
date: 2022-03-28 18:56:56
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B’s strong words for V.P are **reverberating** around the world, that includes warnings from some allies about reckless rhetoric following Russia’s **unprovoked** invasion of Ukraine. In Poland Saturday, President called Putin a dictator quote “who cannot remain in power”. Today, the United Nations estimates that at least eleven hundred civilians have died and more than ten million have been displaced in the war that has gone on far longer than the Kremlin expected. This weekend Ukraine’s President V.Z accused the West of cowardice for its failure to provide war planes and tanks. Ukraine’s military says Russian troops are now regrouping in the north and may aim to split the country. And even the smallest gains on the ground come at a shockingly high cost. 

More than a month of fighting has left Russian forces stalled outside the capital and while Russia claims to have turned its main focus towards the East. We’re still seeing a constant barrage of artillery fire and aerial bombings across the country. What Russia lacks in military strategy, it makes up for in **boastful** videos like this one claiming to show off the cruise missiles hitting to Zhytomyr, one hundred miles west of Kiev. But for Ukrainians at the receiving end of this constant bombardment from the sky, it’s hell on Earth. The coastal city of Mariupol has been decimated, reduced to twisted skeleton of steel and the hollow out of shells of apartment building blocks. Hasty burials provide fleeting dignity for the dead. The one hundred thousand people still trapped there, have no electricity, baring little food, and spend their nights in icy bedrooms. 

:::tip reverberating

- : echo. 回响
  
:::

:::tip unprovoked

- : occurring without any identifiable cause or justification : not provoked. 无缘无故的
  
:::

:::tip boastful

- : given to or marked by boasting : expressing excessive self-pride
. 吹嘘的
  
:::
