---
title: CBS Evening News 08.20.22
date: 2022-08-21 15:37:53
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s a weekend of weather extreme. It’s hot and dry in the northeast and northwest while big stretches of the desert southwest are getting soaked by rounds of monsoon rain. Tonight, millions of Americans from Arizona to New Mexico are under flood alerts. This is Scottsdale, where the drought-stricken landscape is now waterlogged. In Tucson, high water forced an evacuation of this school bus full of kids Friday. This all comes as potential tropical cyclone and rainmaker is **churning** off the gulf coast of Texas. 

We will finally see some much needed, moisture in some drought-stricken areas like Texas. We have tropical moisture that is going to streaming in as we head into the upcoming week where place just north of Dallas and extending over Texarkana and Shreveport could see anywhere from three or five inches of rain, potentially even more. All of this thanks to a couple of features at play. We have a stalled-out boundary and also some tropical moisture that is being steered directly into some these areas that desperately need the rain. The problem is we have been very dry. And when the rain starts to fall, it’s falling on very dry soil. So, we could see some of that initially start to run off and cause some flash flooding issues, both Monday and extending into Tuesday morning. But these are places like Dallas, Houston and Waco that desperately need the rain. 

:::tip churn

- : to stir or agitate violently 搅动
  
:::
