---
title: CBS Evening News 04.10.22
date: 2022-04-11 20:49:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Russia’s attacks and atrocities are mounting in Ukraine and so is the exodus from the country. The United Nations said today that more than 4.5 Ukrainians have fled the country thirty-seven days after Russia’s invasion. And new satellite images show a massive eight-mile-long Russian convoy headed East. This is after forces retreated from the North to regroup.

This is too very different country depending on where you are, in the North here in Kiev, relative calm now that areas around the capital are back in Ukrainian hands, while along the Eastern front in Donbass, residents are braced for an all-out Russian assault. From land, sea and air, Russia has unleashed sustained misery on the Donbass region for more than six weeks. There is not much that hasn’t been reduced to rubble in cities like Mariupol. Those who’ve escaped denounce it as worse than hell. And there is new offensive on the way. Satellite image shows a massive eight miles Russian convoy heading South towards the eastern frontline with a new battlefield commander at the **helm**, A.W. The general accused of ordering strikes that flattened civilian neighborhoods in Syria. Already in liberated areas around Kiev, destruction on an industrial scale and the street littered with graphic evidence of atrocities the kind seldom available to prosecutors. Lawmaker K.R has also been collecting evidence of hidden crimes, the weapon wields behind closed doors, rape. The stories from these occupied towns are nauseating, mothers forced to watch their sons and daughters violated, soldiers raping women in front of their children. Soldiers who also have mothers back home in Russia. The hot line setup to report these war crimes has been overwhelmed. More than fifteen thousand calls a day, says Ukraine Human Rights Chief, M.S. 

:::tip helm

- : a position of control : HEAD. 掌舵；掌权

:::
