---
title: CBS Evening News 07.02.22
date: 2022-07-03 18:19:30
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
If you’ve already arrived at your destination this holiday weekend. Consider yourself lucky. Traffic is backed up on the highways and in airports causing headaches and missed flights connections. Nearly two and a half million people went through TSA checkpoints Friday, the most since before the pandemic. Take a look at FlightAware’s so-called Misery Map. Thousands were greeted with the delays and cancellations. More than six hundred flights were canceled. And nearly thirty-nine hundred left late. That’s why millions opted to drive despite high gas prices. 

Summer storms and airline staffing shortages are partially to blame for long lines at airports, resulting in shorter vacations for thousands of Americans. Across the country, families are hoping to get a little freedom from their regular lives this Independent holiday weekend. Thousands of grounded fliers aren’t so lucky. The forty-two million Americans opting to hit the roads this holiday weekend aren’t dealing with the cancellations, but they are dealing with costly fill-ups. The national average for a gallon of regular hovered around $4.82 Saturday $1.7 more than it was just a year ago. For drivers and fliers who just want to relax at their final destinations, they say it’s worth it. Now while it’s quiet here in Newark, experts say give yourself plenty time both on highways and in the air. For airports, the advice is three hours ahead of your schedule flight time. The weather is making travel worse.
