---
title: CBS Evening News 06.27.22
date: 2022-06-28 19:25:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with breaking news, and horrific scenes from America’s heartland. An Amtrak train knocked on its side in a Missouri cornfield. At least three people were killed, and there are reports of numerous injuries. Officials say the train traveling from Los Angeles to Chicago with more than two hundred and fifty passengers and crew on board partially derailed after hitting a truck at a crossing. There are reports two boy scout troops were among the passengers. It happened in Mendon, Missouri, that’s a rural town of less than two hundred people. Weather at the time of crash does not appear to have been a factor. The wreck comes just weeks after the B administration announced more than $350 million dollars in grants to improve the infrastructure of the world’s largest and extensive rail system.

Urgent cause of the derailment near Mendon, Missouri indicated several passengers were hurt. Amtrak says approximately two hundred and forty-three passengers and twelve crew were on board when the train barreled into the truck. This comes as an Amtrak passenger train struck a car on rail crossing in Northern California on Sunday. And in September, three passengers were killed when eight cars went off the trucks in Montana. Now late tonight, the NTSB says it’s sending a fourteen members Go Team to Missouri to determine what went wrong. Investigators will look into the trains braking system, its forwarding-facing cameras and its event data recorder. It picks up all sorts of components from the moving train. 

The fallout from the Supreme Court ruling about abortion rights is growing. This after three straight days of protests across America. The ruling has left some legal confusion. There is also a surge in demand for over-the-counter emergency contraceptive pills, forcing retailers like Walmart and CVS now to limit purchases. 
