---
title: CBS Evening News 11.03.22
date: 2022-11-04 18:57:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news about Speaker P’s husband P, he is out of the hospital. We’ll have more on that in just a minute. But first, the final sprint to the Midterm Elections is underway as both parties are bringing up the heavy hitters. President B and former President O and T are getting the campaign trail and crisscrossing the country in hopes of turning out the vote. The non-partisan research group OpenSecrets says this election is on track to be the most expensive midterms in history with nearly $17 billion expected to be spent in states and federal races. And with just five days to go into the election, more than thirty-three million voters have already casted their ballots. One of the most closely race remains the one in Pennsylvania where Democrat J.F and Republican M.O are neck and neck according to recent polls. 

Next week, control of the Senate could come down to Pennsylvania, and Democrats are counting on J.F to push through a thicket of attacks and personal challenges in the closing days of this race. Some Democratic strategists they doubt President B speech last night, warning about threats to democracy would be welcomed by candidates in tough races. CBSN reached down to the O campaign for further comment. We’ve not yet heard back. Meanwhile, former President T will be in Pennsylvania this weekend, so will President B and former President B.O
