---
title: CBS Evening News 05.01.22
date: 2022-05-02 19:51:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Speaker of the House N.P led a secret congressional trip to Kiev; The meeting was reviewed today. P is the highest-ranking American lawmaker to visit Ukraine and President V.Z since Russia’s invasion in more than two months ago. Also today, with the war’s casualties mounting, Ukrainians visit cemeteries across the country observing the Orthodox Christian Day of the Dead. But there were some glimmers of hope for some civilians sheltered at a steel plant in Mariupol.

President Z tweet the evacuation of civilians at the steelwork plant had begun. He said so far around one hundred people have been evacuated. Together with the UN, they are working on the evacuation and many more in the coming days. The first few residents to escape from beneath the steel plants in Mariupol described the hell they’ve endured for weeks. Evacuees are now heading to safety of Ukrainian held territory. Even though the UN said it had brokered a deal with Russians and Red-Cross, the first of successful evacuation, after some many failed attempts, still came as something of a surprise as did this: House Speaker N.P greeted by President Z in the streets of Kiev along with six other Democrats in show of support and to discuss America’s additional thirty-three-billion-dollar US aid package to Ukraine. But winning seems a long way off. The Russian military releasing this video they say shows their high-precision missile attack on Odessa’s military airfield to the South. a reminder there are few places in the country out of Russia’s reach. This is what’s left of an industrial site bombed by the Russian after they learned Ukrainian forces have been using it as a military base. It’s just an indication of onslaught facing soldiers and civilians along the frontline. Exhausted frontline soldiers return to base after weeks of fighting in the Donbas region, well aware there’s more to come. The first Sunday after Orthodox Eastern here is like a memorial to honor fallen soldiers who past. But with the war raging on and the death toll climbing, the past is all too present.
