---
title: CBS Evening News 02.28.22
date: 2022-03-01 16:45:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The whole world is waiting, watching with concern about what happen next in Ukraine. Tonight, President B was asked directly should be Americans worry about nuclear war? The President telling our CBSN correspondent no. But V.P. is increasingly isolated, sitting alone on end of a long table far away from his own advisors. And today, more than half a million refugees leaving their homes in Ukraine, we’re reminded about the cost of war and the impact on families, especially children. The tears fell down of this young boy cheeks after leaving his father who is fighting in Kiev. While tonight V.P. is under investigation for possible war crimes. Russian forces are still battling to takeover Ukraine’s biggest cities, but they are meeting stiff resistance. But two sides sat down for their first face to face talk in Belarus, the only thing they agreed on was to meet again. 

Tonight, Russia is accused of war crime, Ukraine’s UN Ambassador accusing Russia of using thermobaric bombs, the most devastating weapons short of nuclear weapons. It's a violation of international law and escalates this conflict to an unthinkable level. Ukraine’s demand for an immediately cease fire went ignored this evening with Russian artillery opening up around Kiev. And tonight, worrying development is that Russian troops are tightening the noose. Satellite images reveal a seventeen miles long Russian military convoy headed to Kiev, now less than twenty miles outside the capital. Ukrainian forces are hitting back everywhere they can. The Defense Ministry releasing drone footage, striking another convoy in Southern Ukraine. The Interior Ministry says multiple Russian missile strikes in a residential neighborhood in the second largest city Kharkiv killed dozens civilians. As the attacks escalate, so too does the civilian death toll, emergency teams race to save the life of six years old girl, injured by Russian shelling while shopping for grocery with her parents. Her frantic mother can only watch on, despite their best efforts, they were unable to save her. Bracing for an onslaught, residents in the capital took advantage when officials lift the curfew since Saturday to stock up foods and supplies. President Z has made a late-night address, and he is pointed the finger directly at President P, blaming him for what he called a brutal attack in Kharkiv today. He is asking the world to enforce a no-fly zone over Ukraine. 
