---
title: CBS Evening News 12.13.22
date: 2022-12-14 19:56:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B today signed a landmark law protecting same-sex and interracial marriage. And there are big developments in Ukraine with the US planning to send a major weapon system to the country. But first, that dangerous storm is now battering the central US from the Canadian border to the Gulf coast states. We don’t generally see an outbreak of tornadoes this late in the year but at least nine twisters ripped across Oklahoma and Texas today. In the coming days, the threat pushes East, possibly well into Florida. Further North tonight, a major storm is on unleashing blinding snow from the Rockies, across the northern plains into the Great Lakes region as it barrels towards the Midwest and Northeast. Since Monday, the storm has costed more than ten thousand flights to be delayed or canceled.

The tornado watch here in Northwest Louisiana will remain in effect for the next few hours. But there is great concern that tornadoes will likely strike overnight while people are sleeping. Storms tore across the South today, spawning at least six tornadoes in Texas. Along with drenching rain and hail. Sirens blared in Fort Worth as the tornado touched down in nearby Grapevine. At least five people were injured and several businesses damaged, including a carwash where a wall collapsed and a local Sam’s Club where a roof was partially ripped off. The strong winds also brought down powerlines and sent debris flying. Northwest in Dallas, in Decatur, two people were injured as the tornado rolled through early this morning. At least three tornadoes struck Oklahoma, including an EF-2 that touched down in the small town of Wayne causing major damage and leaving the entire town without power. Back in Texas, surprised passengers at DFW airport were urged to seek shelter as the weather briefly ground flights to a halt.  
