---
title: CBS Evening News 07.03.22
date: 2022-07-04 18:31:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight in Akron, Ohio, where the city’s 4th of July celebrations were canceled due to an investigation into the deadly police shooting of J.W. Twenty-five-year old black man was unarmed when he was killed in a hail of bullets after a traffic stop. This afternoon police released the disturbing body cam footage. It shows officers fired dozens of rounds as W ran away. This weekend, hundreds of people protested into streets calling for justice.

The eight officers are on paid leave after the attempted traffic stop and deadly pursuit. The police union says those officers are cooperating with the investigations. New released body camera video shows the moments leading up of the deadly shooting of J.W. Akron police say the twenty-five-year-old delivery driver sped off when they tried to pull him over for a traffic violation last week. During the chase, investigators claimed W fired from the window of his car, a claim his family disputes. Video shows W exiting the car on foot wearing a ski mask. Authorities say officers tried to use tasers to stop him, but opened fire when he turned around to face them. Investigators says W was hit dozens of times. W never fired a shot during the foot chase. But officers say they found a gun and a loaded magazine in his car. Hundreds of demonstrators have gathered in Akron this weekend to protest. W’s family and city leaders are urging protesters to remain peaceful. Once the state’s investigation is complete, the case will be handed over to the Ohio attorney general’s office for further review before presented to a grand jury for evaluation. 
