---
title: CBS Evening News 12.11.22
date: 2022-12-12 19:54:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with a major break in one of the deadliest international terrorism. Tonight, a former Libyan intelligence officer accused of making the bomb that brought down Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland is now in American custody. It happened December 21st, 1988. The jumbo jet was flying from London to New York. Two hundred and fifty-nine people were on board and eleven on the ground were killed. 

The fact that the suspected bomb maker is now in US custody makes a major milestone in prosecution that has been going on for decades. This was the aftermath of the bomb stashed in the luggage compartment of Pan Am flight 103, four days before Christmas. Among the victims, thirty-five students from Syracuse University returning home after semester abroad. Two years ago, the Justice Department brought charges against the man they say built the bomb, A.A.M, a Libyan national. Last month, he was reportedly detained in Libya leading to speculation he would be handed over to US authorities to stand trial. Now the Justice Department says he is in US custody. The 1988 bombing was the deadliest mass murder in British legal history bringing the threat of international terrorism to the global consciousness. Attempts to prosecute those responsible for the attack has been a decades long multi-national battle. One other man, an alleged Libyan intelligence officer was convicted for his involvement in the bombing. He maintained his innocence until his death in 2012. The suspect is expected to appear in US District Court here in DC as soon as tomorrow.
