---
title: CBS Evening News 02.19.22
date: 2022-02-20 15:12:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are troubling new signs that Russia is on the verge of invading its neighbor Ukraine, putting all of the Europe on edge. Russia’s President V.P. was seen observing a series of nuclear drills today and a mock battle. It happened just north of the Ukrainian border and it involved war planes, tanks and rocket launchers. US officials say to one hundred ninety thousand Russian troops are now amassed along the Ukrainian border, with new deployments in Crimea, Belarus and near Eastern Ukraine. On the frontline, there was an ???uptick in shelling today, Ukraine’s military said two soldiers were killed. Russian separatist leader in Eastern Ukraine ordered the evacuation of women and children, and thousands already fled. At a security conference in Munich, Germany today, Ukrainian President V.Z. begged to the west to pose stiff sanctions now. S met with Vice President who called this a decisive moment in history, one day after President B said he is now convinced P does intend to attack. 

It's crunch time and everyone here this weekend knows it. One last shot at diplomacy if the diplomacy still has the shot.	Taking center stage of Munich security conference, Ukrainian President V.Z. told the ballroom packed with diplomats and government officials that his country cannot afford to panic. Z’s visit to Munich is short with many Western allies privately advising not to risk leaving Ukraine. But Z says he wanted to make his case himself, in person, pressing the US and European allies to sanction Russia now before it’s too late. Speaking earlier in the day, Vice President said the US and its allies have prepared to impose significant and unprecedented sanctions if Russia further invades Ukraine. 
