---
title: CBS Evening News 05.13.22
date: 2022-05-14 21:07:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B said it is just a matte of weeks before baby formula is back on shelves. The US is working now with manufactures to import formula and relieve this nationwide crisis. From coast to coast, over forty three percent of all baby formula products are just out of stock. And in some parts of the country, the problem is even worse. But for some desperate families, especially those relying on government assistance, help may not come soon enough. The FDA will unveil its plans next week. Meanwhile, lawmakers on Capitol Hill have launched investigations and have hearings set to begin next week. 

The Department of Health and Human Services launched a website today to help frustrated families find formula, hoping to ease crippling shortage. Fed up, angry and heartbroken, parents from coast to coast are scrambling to find formulas to feed their hungry and helpless babies. On Capitol Hill, lawmakers are launching investigation as to how this frightful formula shortage even happened. The House oversight committee wants to know how the nation’s top producers are going to get formulas back on store shelves. The shortage began **festering** several months ago, fueled by ongoing supply chain problems. It exploded into a nationwide crisis when Abbott nutrition called three types of infant formula in February after four babies developed bacterial infections. Two died, the company shut down its largest plant in Michigan. Today, President B responded to the critics who say that his administration could’ve act sooner. The White House say it is considering invoking the Defense Production Act to help control the emergency long term. Breastfeeding moms are helping fill the shortage. Many are donating extra milk to bank like this one in New York. While families are turning different method to feed their babies, next week, the FDA is expected to announce plans, detailing how international companies can import their formulas here to the US.

:::tip fester

- : to generate pus 化脓，恶化
  
:::
