---
title: CBS Evening News 12.10.22
date: 2022-12-11 21:12:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a huge storm system is set to sweep across the country starting this weekend. And it is packing a punch. Winter storm warnings have been issued across much of the west. For some, it’s snow, in some places measured in feet. For others, high winds and rain. This is Mammoth Ski Resort today in California’s Sierra in Nevada where skiers had a hard time seeing anything. Dr. G.P of our partners at the Weather Channel has the forecast. 

We have a big-time system coming for many of us across the country this coming week. Let’s start with Tuesday and that threat for severe weather which does include parts of Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas. It’s not just going to be there, though. The whole system is going to gradually move east into Wednesday as well. And I think it’s going to be that overnight threat in between. So be very careful. We could see tornadoes as well across the southern US. Here is how it’s going to evolve, we think, during the day on Tuesday. Basically, really bad weather, moving across the south, and also, a blizzard in Northern Plains at the same time, how about that? Only the way December can provide. And then, of course, through Tuesday into Wednesday the rain moves into the Southeast. We lose the severe weather threat by then, but after all, this is going to be a very impactful system coast to coast.

Tributes have been pouring in today for pioneering soccer journalist G.W. W who was forty-nine died Friday while covering the World Cup in Qatar. He had chronicled the sport for more than two decades, including right here at CBS.  
