---
title: CBS Evening News 11.08.22
date: 2022-11-09 18:32:47
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, after months of campaigning and billions of dollars spending, voters will finally have their voices heard in these historic elections. Polling places opened as 6AM in ten states as long lines of voters were seen from Maine to Hawaii and every battleground state in between. We’re getting new information about what was on voters’ minds as they went to the polls, inflation and abortion were the top two issues. Republicans tonight are increasingly confident that they will win control of the House and the Senate while Democrats are looking to defy history and hold on to their majorities. One race that will help determine control is Georgia’s contest between incumbent Democratic Senator R.W and Republican H.W. Exit polls show that top qualities that Georgia voters are looking for in the race are honesty and integrity and a candidate who shares their values. 

Turnout has been robust here in Georgia and nationwide as voters face a critical choice about the direction of the country and which party will control the levers of power in Congress. Americans from coast to coast exercised their civic duty. From New York to Ohio, and Georgia where the lines started early. With candidates closing arguments complete and all hands-on deck effort to drive more voters to the polls. Senator R.W canvass with volunteers in Atlanta got a late endorsement from NBA all star L.J. The Democratic incumbent is fending off a challenge against Republican nominee H.W with both candidates hoping to avoid a runoff. Republicans only need five seats to win the majority of the House but the Senate remains a tossup with the Peach State and five others in limbo. New Hampshire is the latest added amid an increasingly competitive contest between incumbent Democrat M.H and GOP election denier D.B. Former President T casted his ballot today in Florida after a last-minute push for Republican Senate candidate J.D, who is up against Democratic Congressman T.R in battleground Ohio. But the former President teed up his own potential 2024 run instead. 
