---
title: CBS Evening News 12.18.22
date: 2022-12-19 19:19:32
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A rush of migrants at the Texas-Mexico border is pushing the country’s immigration system to its limits. The mayor of El Paso, Texas this weekend declaring a state of emergency saying now there are already hundreds of asylum seekers living in the streets. Today in Face the Nation, Texas Congressman T.G called the situation there dire. More asylum seekers are expected in El Paso this week with the likely end of a rule known as Title 42 that enforced expulsions. 

With thousands of migrants and asylum seekers crossing daily into El Paso, the city is struggling to keep up. R.G runs the largest shelter there. With non-profits and churches reaching full capacity many are forced to sleep outside in below freezing temperature. 

Nearly two years after the siege of the US Capitol that shocked the Americans, the committee investigating the events of January 6th holds its final public hearing, criminal referrals could be next.

Today, January 6th Committee member A.S said he thinks there is sufficient evidence to charge the former president, although he didn’t want to get ahead of the votes tomorrow. Possible charges could include insurrection, obstruction of an official proceeding and conspiracy to defraud the US government. Now, the former President lashed out at social media platform Truth Social calling on supporters to stand strong against quote “the Thugs and Scoundrels of the Unselect Committee”. And before Democrats lose control of the House, the powerful Ways and Means Committee will meet this week to decide if it wants to release the former President’s tax returns, either in full or in part, after winning a four-year legal battle to obtain them.
