---
title: CBS Evening News 11.12.22
date: 2022-11-13 18:21:44
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Ballots are still being counted in several seats following this week’s Midterm Elections leaving block buster races undecided, more on that in a moment. But first, there is breaking news in Texas today of two vintage warplanes collided in midair at least six people on board are feared dead. It happened outside Dallas at an air show. 

A horrific scene in the sky above Dallas after a midair collision at a Veteran’s Day air show. Crowds watching the winds over Dallas	shows recorded a cell video as a WWII aero bomber is hit by another smaller plane sending both crushing down in an exploding ball of fire. The accident happened near Dallas executive airport. Debris showered down nearby highway, the FAA and NTSB are investigating.

To the latest now on this week’s midterms tonight, all eyes are on Nevada. The race between incumbent Senator C.C.M and Republican challenger A.L is neck and neck. Right now, this is the balance of power in the Senate after Democrats in Arizona celebrated a big win. After four excruciating days of ballots counting on uncertainty, Senator M.K today declared reelection victory. But his opponent B.M has yet to concede, tweeting today saying “voters decide, not the media; let’s count the vote”. And those votes are still being counted. Statewide, there are about three hundred and seventy thousand ballots left to process in Arizona. Republican gubernatorial candidate K.L, who is trailing Democrat K.H in a tossup race has not presented any evidence backup those allegations. In Nevada, the governor’s race was called last night for Republican J while the Senate race is still neck and neck. This as Georgia Senate race heads to a runoff. Republicans seem likely to take a small majority in the House, but across the country, many of those races are still too close to call. Now adding to this mix, former President T is teasing a big announcement next week, there’s been some debate in Republican circles about whether former president’s involvement in this race helped or hurt Republican candidates. But here in Arizona, most T supporters we spoke to said if he run again, they’ll vote for him. 
