---
title: CBS Evening News 06.29.22
date: 2022-06-30 18:37:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There are a number of new questions tonight after the jaw-dropping testimony from C.H. The close aid to then White House Chief of Staff M.M. Some of the revelations could land members of T’s inner circle and the former President himself in legal jeopardy. That includes H’s firsthand account of the former President encouraging his supporters to march to the Capitol. Even as he was told that many of them had weapons. With these developments eyes on the Justice Department for possible criminal charges. H’s testimony was breathtaking in scope and devastating in details including that presidential limo assault that she described. And tonight, we are hearing from the Secret Service about that. Tonight, the committee has subpoenaed the former White House counsel P.C. One day after testimony, C warned former President T of criminal exposure if he went to the Capitol on Jan.6th. Tonight, nevertheless there are new questions about whether the former President is exposed to criminal charges. The stunning revelations from former White House aid C.H have put the former President in greater legal jeopardy. Of note to the committee, the striking accusation T knew some of the crowds in DC were armed and likely headed toward an outnumbered police force in the Capitol. The potential charges, according to the legal experts, obstructing an official proceeding, the certification of the election and incitement of a riot. The President encouraging the crowd to march to the Capitol. Former federal prosecutor S.F said H’s testimony was a game changer and could prompt the Justice Department to act. 
