---
title: CBS Evening News 05.18.22
date: 2022-05-19 21:08:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with some breaking news. The President just announcing new actions to try and ease the pain of baby formula shortage. There are two major measures, first to help with supply chain issues. President B is invoking the Defense Production Act to get ingredients to manufactures. That means suppliers will be required to give resources to infant formula plants before other customers. And in hopes of speeding up the import of formula from other countries, President B is directing his administration to use government planes to go overseas and bring formula home. Meanwhile, House lawmakers vote on a bill tonight that makes it easier for low-income families to get formula. Americans who take part in a nutrition program called WIC usually have to get a specific brand of formula. Well, this bill would allow them to get a different brand that’s in stock. 

The President’s late day announcement is the administration’s latest move to try and ease the baby formula shortage. More than half of states have forty percent of formula now out of stock. It’s a full court press to ease the stress of frustrated parents. This Indiana baby formula facility is operating twenty-four seven, trying to boost its output by thirty percent. But for many desperate families, the relief cannot come fast enough. The Federal Nutritional Service that helps low-income women, infants and children known as WIC says more than half of the formula in the US is bought by WIC families, feeding one point four million babies. The largest maker Abbot controls about forty percent of infant formula here in the US. The FDA reached an agreement to reopen its largest plant in Michigan. But that still leaves a gap on store shelves for at least the next two months. And now bad actors are starting to prey on parents. 
