---
title: CBS Evening News 03.07.22
date: 2022-03-08 20:07:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the war in Ukraine has entered a new phase of brutality as Russia seems to be targeting civilians trying to flee the country. The unprecedented shelling of areas where people are evacuating is sparking fear and outrage, negotiations are going between the two sides but little progress has been made. Meanwhile, the humanitarian crisis is growing by the hour as millions flee their homes in hopes of scaping the violence. As of tonight, at least 1.7 million refugees have fled Ukraine in the first eleven days of the war, and that number is expected to top five million.

The UN estimates tonight, there have been at least twelve hundred civilian casualties since the war began, and that number thought to be higher and also climbing as shelling increases across the country. A Russian jet goes down in flame over the besieged city of Kharkiv as Ukrainian resident’s cheer. Ukrainian troops on the outskirt of the capital opened fire in the effort to keep the Russian advance at bay. But cities are under siege, like Mariupol, the residents have been unable to flee after two cease fires war shattered. Today, at least two thousand people made across to relative safety. Now those explosions are getting closer to the hospital too, even as they are treating the wounded. The World Health Organization has verified that at least fourteen hospitals have come under attack.
