---
title: CBS Evening News 04.20.22
date: 2022-04-21 19:04:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the war in Ukraine nears a turning point as Russian forces surround the battered Southeastern city of Mariupol. Russian soldiers and military hardware are pouring into Eastern Ukraine and are ramping up its ground assault along the three-hundred-mile-long frontline. Despite the ground assault coming from three fronts, Russia has not made any significant advances due to a fierce Ukrainian resistance. A senior US Defense official telling CBSN that the first of eighteen **howitzers** have arrived in Europe and are en route to Ukraine where it’s badly needed to repel the Russian attack. With global attention running high, Moscow took the provocative move of testing launching of new type of intercontinental ballistic missile which is designed to evade defenses. And some of the strongest criticism yet from a prominent Russian oligarch, O.T today denounced the Moscow’s massacre in Ukraine and call for an end of this crazy war.

Tonight, Ukrainian President V.Z is warning of a massive attack in the East that could decide the fate of the nation. But with Russia unveiling a new intercontinental missile, V.P is out to prove his reach stretches far beyond Ukraine. A nuclear capable missile armed with a blunt message. V.P warning Russia’s **adversaries** now have to think twice. The missile doesn’t appear to be ready for a use, but the timing couldn’t be more conspicuous, aim to strike fear into Western countries like the US first supporting Ukraine against Russia. As its forces lay waste Ukrainian cities and civilians, nowhere more apocalyptic than Mariupol. Among the dead reported to be ninety-one-year-old **holocaust** survivor who hid from the Nazis in the basement only to die in a basement eighty-one years later. Today, another deadline came and went from Mariupol’s die-hard defenders to lay down their arms and surrender these pro-Russian soldiers. But they refuse to give up, barricaded inside a steel mill with hundreds of soldiers and civilians. This commander begs the world for help on Facebook. Elsewhere in the Donbass region where Ukrainian forces are fighting off heavy attacks as Russia concentrates invasion on Eastern Ukraine. They’re trying to surround us says this Ukrainian soldier to the north of Kharkiv, the killing has been so routine, the livings have become numb. Wherever Russian boots marched, they leave behind bodies and booby traps. Russian soldiers are gone now but what’s so haunting is you don’t know what they’ve left behind. And it’s no wonder so many Ukrainians continues to flee the country. The UN reports more than five million people have left since the start of the invasion, calling it a staggering number and Europe’s worst refugee crisis since WWII. 

:::tip howitzer

- : a short cannon used to fire projectiles at medium muzzle velocities and with relatively high trajectories. 榴弹炮
  
:::

:::tip adversary

- : one that contends with, opposes, or resists : an enemy or opponent. 敌手
  
:::

:::tip holocaust

- usually the Holocaust : the mass slaughter of European civilians and especially Jews by the Nazis during World War II. 大屠杀
  
:::
