---
title: CBS Evening News 09.10.22
date: 2022-09-11 18:57:56
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Buckingham Palace made it official tonight. Queen E’s funeral will be held Monday on Westminster Abbey in London. This is the scene today outside Balmoral Castel in Scotland where the Queen died Thursday. Tomorrow, her coffin will be taken to Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh. The casket accompanied by their only daughter, Princess A. At five hundred miles south, this remarkable reunion today, Prince W and H greeting outside Windsor Castel, they were joined by their wives, K, now the Princess of Wales and M, Duchess of Sussex. This historic day began with a nearly a thousand-year-old tradition, formally named Charles as King.

Charles automatically became the new monarch when the Queen died two days ago. But his role was officially announced across the country today. In a solemn ceremony steeped in centuries of tradition, King Charles the III was officially declared the United Kingdom’s new monarch. Before a council of advisors, including six former prime ministers, the King pledged to carry on his late mother’s legacy. The Queen E was proclaimed monarch seven decades ago, some of the formalities were filmed. On Saturday for the first time, the entire process was broadcast live on TV. But it was also read out to the public at St. James’s Palace. And in the ancient commercial center of London, the way people used to learn the identity of their new sovereign. And it’s already echoing in the other fourteen commonwealth realms, including Canada, where Charles is King. The seventy-three-year-old was Britain’s longest serving heir to the throne. And most Brits know only mother as monarch. 
