---
title: CBS Evening News 06.02.22
date: 2022-06-04 10:27:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B just addressed the nation in a rare prime time speech about gun violence. The President made an impassioned plea calling on lawmakers to pass common sense gun laws. Fifty-six candles on the President’s walk to the podium that presenting all fifty states and six territories are impacted. In less than three weeks, ten people were killed in Buffalo, New York, twenty-one killed in Uvalde, Texas including nineteen children and then last night’s hospital shooting in Tulsa, Oklahoma that killed four. So far this year, US has seen two hundred and thirty-three mass shootings. The last time Congress passed a major piece of Federal gun legislation was nearly thirty years ago, with the assault weapons ban, well that expired in 2004. The AR-15 style weapon is the choice for the deadliest mass shootings in America. 

The President tonight said he is trying to take away firearms from legal gun owners merely trying to protect children. And he endorsed ongoing bipartisan talks to find a solution. Addressing the nation tonight, just over twenty-four hours after the latest mass shooting, President B called for a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Mr. B endorsed ongoing talks in the Senate about possible gun reforms appear to have momentum. Maine Republican S.C says the group is making rapid progress toward a common-sense package. But the negotiations aren’t focused on possible weapons ban, instead on improving background checks and so-called red flag laws that keep guns from people who could harm themselves or others. House democrats today continue crafting their own gun reform legislation. A bill that’s poised to get a vote next week will raise the age to buy semi-automatic weapons from eighteen to twenty-one and ban large capacity gun magazines. Six of nine deadliest mass shootings since 2018 carried out by people twenty-one or younger. Now it’s important to point out while the House wants to pass that legislation next week, there’s currently no path forward for it in the evenly divided Senate. That’s why the White House and lawmakers know, any breakthrough will have to come from Republicans and Democrats in the Senate trying to cut a deal.
