---
title: CBS Evening News 09.19.22
date: 2022-09-20 18:15:55
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are here outside Westminster Abbey. This is a church that is a thousand years old and has held **coronations**, royal weddings and today, the funeral of her majesty, Queen E the II. The other big story we are covering tonight is what’s happening in Porto Rico there has been devastating damage cause by Hurricane Fiona. Here in London, the State Funeral steeped in centuries of tradition and viewed by billions around the world. King Charles the III and other members of the royal families getting emotional during solemn processions to the Queen’s final resting place. 

Tens of thousands of people gathered here at Windsor to watch a funeral on the big screens and then to await the arrival of the Queen herself. And when it ended, there was two-minute moment of silence here and across the nation, a **poignant** end to an historic moment. And so, it ends with this spectacular send off no nation could ever rival. Queen E’s seventy years reign came to a close with splendor and sadness. The coffin carried from Westminster Hall to Westminster Abbey where world leaders had already arrived. President B, one of handful of those allowed to make their own way but assigned a seat fourteen rows back. In a day so packed with symbolism, one symbol was missing as the coffin left the Abbey came a salute from Prince W and other senior royals in which Prince H could not partake in civilian dress as a non-working royal. The funeral cortege moved up toward the mall at Buckingham Palace where she had witnessed so many events including her Jubilee this summer. Now, witness to the Queen’s final act. At the edge of Royal London, the Queen’s family including young Prince G and Princess C watched solemnly as the coffin was loaded into a hearse.

:::tip coronation

- : the act or occasion of crowning 加冕
  
:::

:::tip poignant

- : painfully affecting the feelings : PIERCING 伤心至极的
  
:::
