---
title: CBS Evening News 10.28.22
date: 2022-10-29 18:03:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with the breaking news from San Francisco in the new details about the condition of the husband of Speaker of the House N.P. The eighty-two-year-old is out of surgery tonight as doctor say the effort to repair a skull fracture was successful. His right arm and hand are also seriously injured after a horrifying attack with the hammer inside the couple’s home. N.P was right here in Washington at the time of the attack. But she quickly flew across the country to P.P hospital bedside today. The suspect is in custody after police say he smashed into P’s home and demanded to see the Speaker. The forty-two-year-old is now facing attempt of murder charges. The brutal attack comes eleven days before the Midterm Elections with political tensions running high and law enforcement now warning a potential violence in the runup towards election day. The attack has caused reignited calls for additional protections for family members of America’s leaders.

Twenty-one months after rioters stormed the US Capitol, some yelling “Where is N?”, a California man is accused of storming her house, attacking her husband and asking “Where is N?”. P first responded to the break-in in 7AM inside the P’s home in the wealthy Pacific heights neighborhood in San Francisco. Police say D.D, a forty-two-year-old from nearby Berkley, broke through the back door with a hammer. The broken glass is still visible today. He allegedly attacked P.P, yelled “Where is N?”. Sources say the eighty-two-year-old P.P who had been married N.P for nearly sixty years was hit several times in the head with the hammer, one below was significant. The Speaker’s office said “He underwent surgery this afternoon to repair a skull fracture and serious injuries to his right arm and hands.” A motive hasn’t been determined but sources tell CBSN it was a targeted attack and the suspect intended to tie up P.P and wait for the Speaker return. 
