---
title: CBS Evening News 11.14.22
date: 2022-11-15 18:39:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the president of University of Virginia says classes will be canceled for a second day tomorrow as the community searches for answers. The suspect is in custody after the deadly shooting rocked Charlottesville community. And tonight, in an interview with CBSN affiliate WTVR, the alleged gunman’s father said his son was paranoid getting picked on. Police say the shooting took place just after 10:15PM last night where a charter bus as it returned to campus from Washington DC. The three killed were all members of UVA football team. The suspect, twenty-two-year-old C.D.J is a student who was the member of the team during his freshman year in 2018. C was charged today with three counts of second-degree murder and three counts of using a handgun in a mission of felony. But police still haven’t reviewed a motive.

Tonight, students are coming to this football stadium with flowers as a makeshift memorial after a day of tears across this university campus. That emotional moment hung in the air as UVA police chief T.L confirmed suspect C.D was apprehended after more than a twelve-hour manhunt. Campus officials say, five students were shot in the end of class field trip as they returned Sunday night. The suspect’s father C.J says the last time he talked to his son; he was paranoid. What is believed to be the bus where the shooting unfolded, now a crime scene. Authorities detailed recent complaints about J: possessing a gun in September, though the weapon was not found, as well as hazing incident, but in that case, the witness did not cooperate. And authorities say the initial charges of second-degree murder will likely be upgraded as investigators discover new evidence. 
