---
title: CBS Evening News 10.01.22
date: 2022-10-02 20:17:44
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, CBSN has learned the number of people who lost their lives to what was Hurricane Ian	could be at least seventy-six. But more than a million people without power and countless others with homes totally destroyed. In Fort Myers beach which took a direct hit local officials say ninety percent of that town is effectively gone. And coastal South Carolina also slammed by Ian suffered massive flooding. Ian still lingers, bringing thunderstorms and rains to the upper Mid-Atlantic tonight and Northeast tomorrow.

The cleanup is well underway here in downtown Fort Myers. But unfortunately for many business owners that means get rid of almost everything. And to this day, the dangers of Hurricane Ian persist for this area, this time in the form of flood waters from upstream. Some of the same areas that Ian pummeled with winds are now inundated by the runoff from rain that fell inland. The water rose fast around some residents of North Port, Florida who had to be rescued emergency crews and volunteers including a group that calls itself the Cajun Navy. Since Ian made landfall more than four thousand people have been rescued from flooded neighborhoods or the barrier islands like Sanibel, which remains inaccessible and Fort Myers Beach, where destruction is visible for miles. Long lines are forming at food and water distribution sites. So far Florida governor says eighty-seven hundred people have registered for FEMA assistance that number is certain to climb. 

Today, massive cleanup efforts are also underway in parts of South Carolina after Ian tore through its coastal region. The resort city of Myrtle Beach suffered some of the worst damage in the state. 
