---
title: CBS Evening News 06.28.22
date: 2022-06-29 19:27:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are going to detail you the bombshell testimony today in the Jan.6th hearing. History is important. During the Watergate hearings fifty years ago, there was only one surprise witness. It was A.B who reviewed there was a White House taping system. Well, on the Jan.6th hearings, the surprise witness is C.H. Then Chief of Staff M.M top aide described then President fits of rage that included throwing plates of foods, grabbing the steering wheel of the presidential limo, and lunging at Secret Service agents. H said T was furious that Secret Service agents were keeping some of his supporters outside of the White House Ellipse because they had weapons. The other big news we learned today is that R.G and the President’s Chief of Staff sought pardons. That means we now know of at least nine individuals who sought pardons from President T in the final days of his term. 

The House Committee and this twenty-six-year-old former aid to the former White House Chief of Staff painted a powerful picture, beginning with the T White House ignoring warnings of looming violence at the capitol and ending with the chief of staff seeking that presidential pardon. When the day began, C.H was a name and face unknown to most Americans. By the end of the day, she made history including her description of an **altercation** in the presidential limo when his chief Secret Service agent B.E refused to bring then President D.T to the US Capitol to which his just directed the crowd in Jan.6th. In the early hours that day, H said T was warned that people carrying weapons including guns descending on key landmarks in D.C. but that T sought to have the metal detectors removed concerned they’d reduced the size of his White House Ellipse crowd. As rioters began their attack, the President wouldn’t **budge**. H said she asked her boss, former Chief of Staff, M.M to intervene. 

:::tip altercation

- : a noisy, heated, angry dispute 激烈的争吵
  
:::

:::tip budge

- : MOVE, SHIFT 改主意
  
:::
