---
title: CBS Evening News 07.04.22
date: 2022-07-05 18:36:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, at least six people killed and dozens more wounded in the nation’s latest mass shooting. It targeted Independence Day parade in suburb, Chicago. And some breaking news. The manhunt for the person of interest, twenty-two-year-old R.C is over. Police say the gunman opened fire from a rooftop in July 4th crowd in downtown, Highland Park, Illinois. The city of about thirty thousand people is located roughly twenty-five miles north of Chicago. President said he and the First Lady are shocked by yet another senseless shooting in America.

Five people died here on the scene, another died in nearby hospital. And among the dozens of victims. People shot here at this 4th of July parade. The oldest victim, eighty-five years old. The youngest, just eight. A sudden burst of gun fire, ten minutes after the start of the 4th of July parade, sent parade participants and spectators running for their lives. Police said the gunman opened fire from a nearby rooftop. A scene of chaos with lawn chairs, bicycles and strollers left behind, scattered along the parade route as people scrambled for safety. This is the ninety-fifth and the deadliest shooting since nineteen children and two teachers were killed in Uvalde, Texas. Investigators found a high-powered rifle at the scene. 

Tonight, Akron, Ohio is under state-emergency in the wake of protest over the fatal police shooting of a black man. Twenty-five-year-old J.W was shot at least sixty times after fleeing what police said was supposed to be a routine traffic stop.
