---
title: CBS Evening News 07.30.22
date: 2022-07-31 16:54:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A covid rebound for President B, he is tested positive again. A phenomenon that happens in some cases after people take Paxlovid. That’s the antiviral therapy from Pfizer taken as the pill. In a video released today, the President says he is feeling fine. But again, he is isolating at the White House and canceled his weekend travel plans. 

According to the President’s doctor, he tested positive this morning on an antigen test and he did tweet a video. Now the President’s doctor says it’s the rebound case as you mentioned. It’ rare but known issue after taken that antiviral Paxlovid which the President took for several days following his initial diagnosis on July.21st. He then had four negative tests in a row even celebrating a rose garden speech before testing positive again today. 

Now to flood-ravaged Kentucky, the death toll rose again today. At least twenty-five people have been killed. And rain is again forecast for this weekend, as rescue crews struggle to get to the hardest hit areas swamped by what’s described as the worst flooding to hit region in decades. 
Kentucky is racing to recover as receding floodwaters revealed a scope of devastation in the state’s hard-struck Appalachian region. Entire communities were wiped out in the catastrophe. 
