---
title: CBS Evening News 08.12.22
date: 2022-08-13 18:34:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a federal judge has unsealed the warrant that authorized the search of former President D.T’s Florida’s home, Mar-a-Lago. The records that reveal that the FBI recovered eleven sets of classified records that including some documents labeled top secret. The warrant also indicates that FBI is investigating T for potential violations of the Espionage Act. The warrant says the agents were told to look for signs that official records had been altered, destroyed or concealed. Sources tell CBSN that investigators initially issued a subpoenaed for the records back in the Spring. We’re also learning more about the suspect killed in yesterday’s attempted breach of an FBI field office in Ohio. 

Former President T didn’t fight the release of these documents. And after five days of tumultuous back and forth between the Justice Department and the former President. Today, we finally got a look, detailing what the FBI carried out of T’s residence in Florida. The court paper obtained by CBSN and unsealed today show the FBI seized more than twenty boxes, some containing classified documents marked top secret and above. And according to sources the material likely includes highly sensitive communication intercepts. The FBI also took handwritten notes, two photo binders, information about the President of France, and a document about pardoning of T ally R.S. The list of seized materials run three pages. A federal magistrate approved a warrant to search the former President’s home one week ago Friday. And on Monday morning, the FBI executed the search. The warrant seeks documents related to the national defense, a possible violation of the Espionage Act, mishandling classified information and also cities possible destruction of government property. J.B now a T critic, served as his national security advisor. The FBI was authorized to search T’s office and all storage rooms or areas in which boxes or documents could be stored, which included most of the seventeen-acre estate. Guest suites were off limits. In a statement, the former President said the documents seized were “declassified” and he would have provided them if asked. On Capitol Hill, the Republicans continue to voice concern about the FBI search. 
