---
title: CBS Evening News 08.18.22
date: 2022-08-19 19:31:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are one step closer to seeing parts of the affidavit that convinced a federal judge to allow the FBI to search former president T’s Florida home. And now we know just which crimes T is under investigation for by Justice Department. But the DOJ says the criminal probe is in its, quote” very early stages”. Late this afternoon, a judge given investigator one week to file a redacted version for him to consider unsealing. And in other T legal woes, a former top executive at the T organization pleaded guilty today to evading taxes and agreed to testify against the company at an upcoming trial. There was a court action today from New York to Florida that could have wide-reaching implications for the former president. Federal Judge B.R found the Justice Department had not met the high threshold for showing the entire affidavit should remain sealed. And he ordered the immediate release of this procedural records that provide new insight into the possible crimes behind the Mar-a-Lago search, willful retention of national defense information, concealment or removal of government records, and obstruction of federal investigation. The judge agree with media organization including CBSN, that at least some part of affidavit that supported the search could be unsealed. Under today’s order, the Justice Department has one week to propose one information like to black out or redact from the affidavit, information that if made public, prosecutors believe would be a roadmap to the criminal probe, and would reveal identities of potential witnesses and the FBI agents involved. In earlier today, in a Manhattan court, the former chief financial officer of T organization pleaded guilty to not paying taxes on almost two million dollars in compensation. 
