---
title: CBS Evening News 05.08.22
date: 2022-05-09 18:55:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, First Lady J.B marked Mother’s Day with a rare visit to the active war zone. Dr. B crossed from Slovakia into Ukraine. The First Lady traveled under the cloak of secrecy, becoming the latest high-profile American to enter the country. Dr. B met with A.Z, that country’s First Lady as Russia presses ahead with its punishing, ten-week-old invasion. At the White House President B met virtually with President Z and other G7 leaders. They announced another oil sanctions. These as V.P get to set the celebrate Russia’s annual Victory Day. These troops and tanks seen at the Red Square rehearsal this weekend. It all follows new Russian attacks on civilians in Eastern Ukraine.

Everywhere we’ve gone here in Eastern Ukraine, we witnessed the whole cell destructions of civilian’s areas and Kramatorsk is no exception and, in the Luhansk, it’s now amounting of another atrocity in this war. The direct hit level the building to burning and smoldering ruins, burying those who sought shelter in the desperate believe that hunkering down in the basement of a school would provide some sort of sanctuary from the relentless bombing. The governor says ninety people were inside and, in his words, “All sixty remain under the rubble are now dead”. With Ukraine’s troops resisting the ground defense, the Russian military is gone to the air, with long range artillery and airstrikes with devastating effects. But Russian rocket attack on homes here in Kramatorsk, scattered among the debris, a woman’s shoe, children’s toys, a leather jacket hanging from the tree. Heartbreaking evidence of lives blown apart with the moment of impact. And look at the size of this crater left behind, the force of the blast was so powerful, it tore through this entire residential neighborhood.  
