---
title: CBS Evening News 03.25.22
date: 2022-03-26 17:11:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B is in Poland preparing what’s being billed as a major speech tomorrow on state of the war in Ukraine on humanitarian crisis. Today, the President met with Polish counterpart and thanked the nation that has welcomed about two thirds of the nearly four million Ukrainian refugees. President B spent time with members of the Army’s eighty second airborne division stationed near the border with Ukraine as a show of force to V.P. There is some big news tonight about the effort to further isolate Russia, the US and the European Union unveiled a deal to diminish Europe’s reliance on Russian energy and it comes as we learned that P maybe shifting strategy focusing on control of Eastern Ukraine and stopping the fight for the capital of Kiev for now. Also, news tonight, the Russians are low on precision guidance missiles and its military has lost half of a dozen generals.

The US has now stationed more than nine thousand troops here in Poland, President B came here to thank them and to steel them for what could be a prolonged mission here on NATO’s eastern flank. President B came within fifty miles to the Ukrainian border today, and said he wished to get closer. He stopped in Rzeszów, Poland, to share a slice with members of eighty second airborne who are part of the massive aid effort in this town that has now become a processing point for tens of thousands of Ukrainian refugees. 3.7 million people have fled Ukraine in the past month, more than half of them come here, to Poland. Today, the Polish President refer to them as guests. President B called V.P a war criminal, intends to causing civilian suffering. The Defense Department says today it’s seeing the first indication of Russian troops being moved to Ukraine from the former Soviet Republic of Georgia. Pentagon Secretary J.K is traveling with the Defense Secretary here in Poland. Tomorrow, President B will meet with refugees 	here in Poland, and he will deliver a speech here in Warsaw that his aides say is designed to reassure Polish people that the US is committed to helping huge humanitarian challenge the country is suddenly facing.  
