---
title: CBS Evening News 08.26.22
date: 2022-08-30 11:02:42
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, new details from the partially redacted affidavit used to authorize the FBI’s search of the former president D.T’s Florida home. One of the significant concerns according to the affidavit was that no space at T’s Mar-a-Lago home was authorized for the storage of classified material. Investigators using distinctly bureaucratic language said the records were unfoldered, intermixed with other materials and otherwise unproperly identified. Now as expected, the affidavit was heavily redacted, which thirty-seven percent of pages have no redactions. Thirty four percent the pages were partially redacted while twenty nine percent of this affidavit were totally redacted. In other words, completely blacked out. The affidavit argued the search of Mar-a-Lago was necessary due to the highly-sensitive material found in boxes covered by the National Archives back in January. Despite the heavy redactions, there are striking new details in this affidavit, it is outlined in gravely serious term as the Justice Department explains why it searched former President T’s Florida home eighteen days ago. The redacted affidavit reveals that of the fifteen boxes of the government records D.T brought with him to Mar-A-Lago, and ultimately returned to the Archives in January, fourteen had classified documents, some including sensitive information derived from government informants, critical to US intelligence gathering. In total, investigators found one hundred and eighty four documents with classification markings, including sixty seven documents marked as confidential, ninety two marked as secret, and twenty five marked as top secret. The documents labeled HCS refereeing to human confidential sources stood out to former CIA Director M.M. The affidavit underscores the alarm about the possible vulnerability of T’s waterfront property. A Secret Service source tells CBSN that it is a private club with protection limited background checks. The affidavit goes on to provide a glimpse into the Justice Department sources, and who might have witnessed potential criminal activities at Mar-A-Lago, noting the Department spoke to a significant number of civilian witnesses in order to protect them from intimidation or from publicly outed, the former federal judge and federal prosecutors agreed on the extent of redactions. The FBI agents who wrote the affidavit said there was probable cause to believe there was that evidence of obstruction will be found at T’s property, as well as contraband, fruits of crime or other items illegally possessed. T and his republican allies remain frustrated with the search and with the Justice Department. His spokesman today saying the affidavit was overtly political. And tonight, sources tell CBSN that some members of the intelligence community will soon begin assessing whether their sources were compromised based on what this investigation has revealed so far. 
