---
title: CBS Evening News 04.28.22
date: 2022-04-29 18:38:29
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a clear sign from the White House that the war in Ukraine will likely drag on for months or even years. President B today asking Congress for additional thirty-three billion dollars to support Ukraine’s defense against the Russian invasion. The proposal includes more than twenty billion dollars in military assistance such as artillery and armored vehicles. The war ramped up today with Russian forces launching a barrage of attacks across the country, including at least five missiles strikes on the capital city of Kiev. Explosions could be heard during President Z’s meeting with the UN Secretary General in the capital.

This massive funding package stresses the B administration’s belief that there is a long road ahead before this war comes to an end. Today, the President vowed that as long as atrocities and assaults continue, the US will keep providing military help. President B urged lawmakers to move quickly on new aid package for Ukraine. Because money for military support including heavy weapon were needed on the battlefield is almost depleted. The President is asking Congress for thirty-three billion dollars for economic, humanitarian and defense funding. On top of the $13.6 billion already approved last month. Top Republicans today signaled they support the measure. With some Russian officials arguing the risk of nuclear wars is now brewing, President B today called that claim irresponsible. Meanwhile, T.R is back in the US after landing in San Antonio overnight as part of a prisoner swap. R, a Marine veteran, spent nearly one thousand days in a Russian prison and now undergoing a medical evaluation for his declining health. The wife of WNBA star, B.G who has been detained in Russia since February, posted that her heart is overflowing with joy for the R’s family. And P.W, who has been in Russian custody since 2018 for alleged espionage said he was thrilled too. 
