---
title: CBS Evening News 04.24.22
date: 2022-04-27 16:23:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Breaking news from Ukraine, a top advisor to Ukraine’s President says V.Z met today with Secretary of State A.B and Defense Secretary L.A in the country’s embattled capital of Kiev. It would the highest ranking of American officials to visit the country since Russia’s invasion two months ago. New attacks this weekend included this missile fired to Ukraine as fighting rages the East. Today, President B send this plead declaring that Kiev still stands despite V.P’s **unprovoked** attack. And on this Orthodox Eastern Sunday, President Z urged Ukrainians to praise for those who are defending the land.

It’s Orthodox Eastern in Russia and here in Ukraine, a time when many had hoped for a holiday cease fire. But this weekend has been marred by shelling instead. It’s Eastern in Irpin, the site of a brutal Russian massacre. Today, struggling to look forward. But throughout Ukraine, it’s not bells but bombs ring out on this holy weekend. At least six cruise missiles slammed the Black Sea port city of Odessa. A strike on an apartment building killed eight people including a mother with her three-month-old, city officials say. But it’s a different reality in Russia, where state TV broadcasts live picture of President P at Eastern Orthodox mass, as the survivors of his war of Ukraine celebrate the same holy day without the family member his troops slaughtered. At that press conference deep in the subway station, President Z asked world leaders to come to Ukraine, but if they do, please bring weapons his asking for, and just take quote “tragic selfies”.

:::tip unprovoke

- : to rid of a motive, desire, or capability. 无缘无故的
  
:::
