---
title: CBS Evening News 09.14.22
date: 2022-09-15 18:22:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the general public begin saying its final goodbye to Queen E II in London. The late monarch will lay in state until her funeral on Monday. You can see mourners inside the Westminster Hall tonight, the Queen’s coffin surrounded by royal body guards. Hundreds of thousands are expected to pay their respect over the next four days. At one point, the line stretched nearly three miles. The bishop lead up a brief service this morning attended by King Charles and other members of the royal family. K, the princess of Wales wore the Queen’s jewelry. 

That behind me is part of a never-ending line of mourners winding their way to Westminster Hall across the bridge to visit the Queen lying in state. It’s been a day of pageantry, but also high emotions in quiet respect as we entering the one of the final legs of the Queen’s journey. From beneath the grand backdrop of Buckingham Palace, flanked by her Grenadier Guards. Queen E the II left home today for the final time. Her coffin carried on a horse drove carriage with the imperial state crown she wore placed on top. Thousands of mourners crowded the long avenue leaving from the palace, many stood in a solemn silence. The whole family was reunited at the Palace of Westminster where the Queen’s body will lie in state until her funeral on Monday. Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to visit the line leading to Westminster Hall already stretching back for miles. The only monarch most here has ever known, a woman devoted to duty nearly her entire life with one last duty to fulfill even after death. President B spoke by phone to King Charles today offering his condolences. President will attend the Queen’s funeral next week. 
