---
title: CBS Evening News 05.17.22
date: 2022-05-18 19:19:40
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin tonight with disturbing new details in the investigation of that Buffalo Supermarket massacre. CBSN has learned that the suspect was considering other targets including elementary schools, churches and Hasidic Jewish communities in New Jersey. The suspected shooter remained behind bars tonight. President B traveled to Buffalo today to meet with grieving families offering them support. The President and First Lady placed flowers at a growing memorial near the Tops supermarket. And in a speech, President B issued an impassioned plea, calling on Americans reject hate and those who peddled promote the racist conspiracy as replacement theory. 

As I stand here right now, there are vigils happening to my left and right outside of the supermarket where that massacre occurred. You know earlier today, President B told about seventy families members of those who lost loved ones that democracy was in danger. He said that hate and fear had been fed too much energy but hate will not prevail. Today, President B called Saturday’s massacre “an act of domestic terrorism”, speaking to a community in pain. He condemned the racism that drove the gunman target black people out of Buffalo supermarket, killing ten and wounding three others. He later hugs the three-year-old after speaking with some of the families to listen and console, bringing comfort to them. And they said the President’s visit doesn’t bring their loved ones back, but it helps. And President even leaned in on his own experience of loss telling the crowd that there will come a day when a memory of their loved one brings about a smile instead of a tear. 
