---
title: CBS Evening News 10.21.22
date: 2022-10-23 10:20:50
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with what is likely to become an historically legal battle unlike any other in American history as Congress today ordered former President D.T to testify under oath. The Jan.6th committee follow through on its unanimous vote to subpoena the former President for documents and his testimony related to his false allegations about the 2020 presidential elections. In a letter, Chairman B.T and Vice Chairman L.C write that the committee has gathered quote” overwhelming evidence” that T personally orchestrated a multi-step effort to overturn the 2020 election and obstruct the peaceful transition of power. This comes on the same day long-time T ally S.B was sentenced to four months in prison for defying the subpoena from the very same committee. B remains free tonight as he appeals his conviction. Plus, we are learning those details about those classify documents seized from Mar-a-Lago in August. 

More than a year to its probe, the House January 6th elected Committee wants to put the man of the center of its investigation under oath, seeking critical records from D.T by November 4th that’s four days before the Midterm Election. And seeking his deposition one week after. The Jan.6th Committee today demanded testimony and documents from the former president, arguing he has played a central role in trying to subvert the election and triggered the assault on the Capitol. In the letter accompanying the subpoena, they write the evidence demonstrate that you knew this activity was illegal and unconstitutional, and also knew that your assertions of fraud were false. The Committee wants information about T’s dealings with key players who already pleaded with the 5th plus all his communications by phone, text or the private messaging app on Jan.6th. They also want any information referring to the proud boys, oath keepers or other militia groups. A source tells CBSN that among the documents seized on August 8th that T’s Florida estate was ??? containing information Iran missile program and another including highly sensitive intelligence work aimed China. Material that exposed could jeopardize foreign sources or even prompted other countries to retaliate against the US. Meanwhile, former T’s top aid, S.B was reprimanded in a federal court in Washington for families for failing to comply with the Jan.6th Committee’s subpoena.
