---
title: CBS Evening News 06.24.22
date: 2022-06-25 22:44:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re outside of the Supreme Court after the landmark decision that overturned Roe Versus Wade and ended a woman’s constitutional right to an abortion. As you can see behind me, demonstrators both for and against the court’s decision were quick to react in Washington and across the country. More than one hundred cities have already seen protests or planned to over weekend. Also reacting, some of the nation’s largest companies, announcing they will cover employee travel expenses for abortions if they are not available where they live. Some of those companies include Nike, Uber, Alaska Airlines, Citigroup, Conde Nast, Disney, JPMorgan, Microsoft, Warner Brothers, and CBS’s parent company Paramount Global. And we also heard from President past and present. President O called the ruling devastating, M.O called it horrifying. And President D.T said this gives the rights back to the states as it should have been long ago. 

Well, Roe versus Wade is one the few decisions most Americans know by name. And today, the Supreme Court said, it’s history. When the crowd heard the court to overturn Roe versus Wade, there were cheers. A reality that for abortion right supporters was to believe. In the 5-4 vote, the justices overturned the landmark 1973 ruling that guaranteed a woman’s right abortion, sending the issue back to states to set their own policies. “Roes was egregiously wrong from the start. Its reasoning was exceptionally weak, and the decision has had damaging consequences.” Wrote Justice Samuel Alito in a decision joined by four other conservatives. “It’s time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives.” Twenty-six states had asked the court to overturn Roe. Thirteen already have laws on the books that will ban abortion almost immediately. The others are poised to ban or greatly restrict it. On Capitol Hill, Democratic lawmakers marched to the court while Republicans said the ruling was overdue. It took almost fifty years of annual Marches for Life, political muscle and justices with a strong conservative’s legal ideology. Chief Justice J.R voted to uphold the fifteen-week Mississippi abortion ban but refused to join the majority’s decision to overturn Roe or subsequent 1992 opinion. With the court’s newest justices all nominated by former President T, there were five votes without him. 
