---
title: CBS Evening News 10.20.22
date: 2022-10-21 18:38:17
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with some important health news for families. In recent week across the country, there has been an alarming increase of an illness among young children. And it’s not Covid, it’s something called RSV. Hospitals in at least thirty-three are seeing a dramatic rise in cases in children suffering from the respiratory virus. Cases have doubled in more than twenty-five states in the last month. And it’s putting a strain on the hospitals. Some healthcare facilities are so overwhelmed that they are running of beds. The state of Connecticut is even thinking about bringing in the National Guard. 

Tonight, hospitals from Texas to Connecticut are sounding the alarms. Emergency rooms are filling with RSV patients. There is no vaccine and doctors are bracing for a rough winter. At Connecticut children medical center, doctors are slammed with the surge in RSV cases. RSV cases typically peaked in December to mid-February. But this month, the hospital has more RSV cases than any other respiratory illness including Covid. Further south, almost all of the ICU beds at Cook Children’s Hospital in Fort Worth, Texas are filled with RSV patients. RSV symptoms are similar to a cold, but doctor say, parents should watch signs of respiratory distress. If their child’s nostrils are flaring while breathing or if their skin is pulling in towards their ribs. Doctors are asking patients to get the flu shots. It won’t prevent the flu but it could make their symptoms milder which could prevent them from having to make a trip to already busy emergency room.

Well, political shockwaves across the pond tonight after British Prime Minister L.T resigned suddenly. Just six weeks into her term. T is stepping down after her economic policies sent shockwaves through the financial markets. 
