---
title: CBS Evening News 09.25.22
date: 2022-09-26 20:10:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with Ian. It is the nineth named storm in the Atlantic and now, the biggest threat to Florida so far this hurricane season. Ian is barreling towards Cuba. This video showing heavy rain from the storm was shared by a CBSN producer. Ian is rapidly intensifying. People in Florida are no strangers to this type of weather, are being urged to get ready. Today near Tampa, people fill sandbags, others raced to buy essential supplies. Governor R.D declared this a statewide emergency. 

Ian is very likely to strengthen rapidly over the next couple of days. Don’t let its current intensity and appearance on satellite fool you. This is going to look a lot different tomorrow and into the middle part of this coming week. Now, we already know that this is going to be coming into the Eastern Golf of Mexico as a strong hurricane. What we don’t know is exactly where the center is going to make landfall. But the entire Florida Peninsula and Florida Panhandle regions need to be ready for impacts. We’ve already got a tropical watch up for the lower Florida Keys, from the 7-mile down to Key West. And after that, conditions will be going downhill from South to North mainly starting on Wednesday and going North from there. We could have major impact even without a major hurricane in the wind scale.

As Floridians prepare for Ian, Canadians and the Atlantic Coast are reeling from Fiona’s fury. Officials called the scope of the damage there unprecedented. Tonight, hundreds of thousands remain without power. Soldiers have been called in to help with cleanup efforts. 
