---
title: CBS Evening News 06.21.22
date: 2022-06-22 18:09:38
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re learning some stunning new information that tonight has parents of those nineteen children who were killed in Uvalde, Texas wondering could their child have been save. That’s because the head of Texas Department of Public Safety blasted the police’s response, detailing how there were enough armed officers in the school hallway, three minutes after the attack begin. But instead, officers waited seventy-four minutes before breaching what we’ve learned today was an unlocked door. S.M testified today in Austin that officers had the manpower, had the equipment and the time to quote “neutralize the suspect”. M placed the blame squarely on police chief P.A who was inside of the school but did not act. 

The head of Department of Public Safety in the fact that officers waited so long to react goes against everything they are ???. He said that in action set the profession back a decade. He also said the school police chief put the lives of officers over children. Colonel S.M, the head of Texas Department of Public Safety placed that blame solely at the boots of Uvalde school police chief, P.A. M laid out multiple times police failed to engage sooner. Three minutes into the attack, armed officers, two with rifles were present, including A. And at 11:52 AM, twenty-one minutes in, the first ballistic shield was inside of the school, confirming security footage obtained by the Austin American-Statesman. By 12:21 PM, officers with four ballistic shields heard more gun shots. Yet, police waited even as 911 calls were coming from at least two students inside the classrooms. P.A who was also in Austin at a close door hearing tried to dodge cameras and tough questions. A has claimed officers were looking for keys to open the classroom door. But M stunned lawmakers when he said the door didn’t lock from the inside and no one tried to open it. As more information come to life, Uvalde’s grief has turned to anger. A previously told media that officers didn’t have the firepower to stop the shooter. But M’s testimony contradicts that he says they did. 
