---
title: CBS Evening News 07.18.22
date: 2022-07-19 19:39:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight in Uvalde, Texas where the first comprehensive assessment of the law enforcement response to the massacre at Robb Elementary School that killed nineteen students and two teachers. The seventy-seven-page report details the seventy-seven minutes of what’s referred to as a **lackadaisical** approach. And it places blame on the entirety of law enforcement who responded to the shooting. Nearly four hundred officers were on the scene. And for the first time, we’re getting disturbing body cam videos. According to the report, officers rushed to the school but inexplicably waited for more than an hour before confronting the gunman. The report also has alarming details about the shooter, saying he was a dropout who had developed a fascination with school shootings of which he made no secret. 

That report concluded that law enforcement prioritized their safety over the lives of innocent victims. And tonight, we’re hearing from the two agencies that had the largest number of officers and agents present. That’s Customs and Border Protection and the Texas Department of Public Safety both saying that they have launched internal investigations into the response. We also learned from family members that they were told by the investigators saying the shooter had attended the fourth grade in that very classroom and that he had been bullied in the fourth grade. 

Well, there seems to be no place in America that is safe from the scourge of gun violence that’s infected every aspect of our lives, and this weekend was no difference. In just two days, there were sixteen mass shootings across the country that killed at least fourteen people and injured fifty-six others, that includes a deadly shooting at a shopping mall in Greenwood, Indiana. 

:::tip lackadaisical

- : lacking life, spirit, or zest : LANGUID 无精打采的，懈怠的
  
:::
