---
title: CBS Evening 07.29.22
date: 2022-07-31 16:55:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the death toll in Kentucky continues to rise following what the governor called the worst flooding disaster he has ever seen. At least sixteen people are dead including six children and sadly, those numbers are expected to climb. Floodwaters have wiped out entire communities in some of the poorest places in the country. Search-and-rescue teams backed by the National Guards are going door to door, frantically looking for the missing. President B has issued a major disaster declaration, freeing up the federal money for the recovery effort. It is the latest in a string of catastrophic natural disasters this summer. Floods, extreme drought, and wildfires. 

Entire town have been flooded, roads destroyed, and major infrastructure, power, water, and cell phone service wiped out. Crews have already rescued nearly three hundred people and many more are unaccounted for. This afternoon, governor A.B toured the region by helicopter and later warned the death toll will go up. Floodwaters triggered by torrential rains surge through the small town of Hindman, **inundating** elementary school and leaving it under a thick crust of mud. Classes were to begin in less than two weeks, but not anymore. Kentucky is just one of several states left reeling from severe flooding. Monsoonal rains washed through parts of Nevada, soaking unlucky gamblers on the Las Vegas strip. Scientists say climate change amplifies these storms and damage they leave behind. In Kentucky, the recovery will be slow. Both search and rescue teams continue to work here east Kentucky as more rain falls. It is going to be a daunting task. Some of the water is not expected to recede until Saturday. 

:::tip inundate

- : to cover with a flood : OVERFLOW 洪水涌入
  
:::
