---
title: CBS Evening News 11.02.22
date: 2022-11-03 18:15:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B is calling on all Americans to stand up to protect our democracy amid the threats that election deniers quote “pose to the voting process”. The White House says the President is seeking common ground with voters that our country’s future is more important than political parties. All these is taking place as the House continues to investigate the Jan.6th attack on the Capitol which thousands attempted to interfere with the verification of the 2020 presidential election. And it comes just days after the alleged attempted murder of House Speaker N.P’s husband by an attacker who broke their San Francisco home with the intent to kidnap her. And with just six days until the midterms. A number of Republican candidates suggest that they would not accept the results unless they are declared the winner. 

White House officials say that the President had been intending to turn to this topic for weeks but the issue took on added urgency after the attack on P.P. Republicans argue it’s simply attempted to change the subject and demonize them in the closing stretch of a rough campaign. An ominous warning from President B who argued democracy itself will be on the ballot next week. Two years after that election in 2020, there is still no evidence of systematic voting problems. In his speech, President B argued that election lies and conspiracy theories could spark chaos once again, the way they did on Jan.6th. 

We are getting new information tonight on the planned attack on the House Speaker N.P’s San Francisco home, the brutal assault on P’ eighty-two-year-old husband P has sent shockwaves across political world as threats against elected officials have skyrocketing. 
