---
title: CBS Evening News 04.02.22
date: 2022-04-03 19:38:43
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Since Russia’s powerful army thunder cross Ukraine’s border nearly six weeks ago, very little has gone according to plan, troops have been met with fierce resistance. And tonight, especially around Kiev, those forces appear to be in retreat. Ukrainian reclaiming towns and villages in the capital regions are finding a dystopian landscape, one of death and destruction. Today, Pope Francis rebuked Russia called “savage war” and as fighting rages in some of other parts in Ukraine, so does the suffering of civilians. 

The US says it has evidence that this invasion has been a strategic disaster for Russia and Ukraine says Russian forces are now slowly withdrawing from the north of this country. But there are fears that regrouping to attack elsewhere and where Russian troops have been forced out, they left devastation. V.P’s original battle plan appears to be a failed, his troops have taken heavy losses and Ukrainian soldiers are recapturing towns including Irpin, just north of the capital Kiev. But there is no celebration because the Russians have left homes shattered and chart ??? and hundreds are dead according local officials. Other places are still occupied. This video appears to show Russian forces trying to disperse civilian protesters near city of ???. In ??? Russian airstrikes hit around five hundred yards from S.P’s home last month, destroying his neighborhood. Ukraine’s president V.Z warned last night that is Russian forces withdraw from north Ukraine, they’re massing in the east, and preparing to strike again. His government wants more help from the US and its allies. Some Russians have simply voted with their fate, they’ve left their country either because they’re poured ??? by the invasion or because they’re worried about the impact of sanctions.
