---
title: CBS Evening News 12.17.22
date: 2022-12-18 19:58:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
This last weekend before Christmas, a bitter blast of Arctic air is on the way for millions of Americans. It’s also Super Saturday, typically one of the busiest shopping days of the year. Among those spending today, President J.B who visited a men’s store in Greenville, Delaware. More ahead, but we begin with developing about former President D.T and could be a historic move by Congress. 

After ten hearings and interviews with more than a thousand witnesses, the January 6th Committee is about to wrap up its work and it could come with serious consequences for members of the past administration. Value in recommending charges, including potentially against former President D.T for his role in events of January 6th. Those charges could include insurrection, obstruction of an official proceeding and conspiracy to defraud the United States government. Adding the T’s troubles, the House Ways and Means Committee will meet next week to decide if it will release portions of his tax returns, which Democrats obtained after a protracted legal battle. And all this is complicating the former president’s plan to run again, leaving uncertainty at the top of the ticket for both parties ahead of 2024. And we could also see the committee recommend charging other former members of the T inner circle, including former chief of staff M.M and confidant R.G.
