---
title: CBS Evening News 11.27.22
date: 2022-11-28 19:34:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Roughly fifty-five million traveled this holiday weekend. And today is expected to be one of the busiest travel days of the year. Air travel reached pre-pandemic levels again on Saturday alone, the TSA screened more than 2.2 million people. You can see FlightAware shows this misery map showing trouble spots in red. So far, there have been more than one hundred cancelations and at least forty-two hundred delays across the country. For those of you behind the wheel right now, you are probably taking it slow. Some wet roads there that we saw earlier in DC today. But we want to start off in New York.

With record number of travelers and nasty weather along the east coast, New York’s LaGuardia is one of several airports warning passengers to get to the airport early today. Most Americans traveled by car Sunday. In the Northeast, drivers were forced to dodge rain as they returned home. AAA says this year was the third busiest ever for Thanksgiving travel. And now, AAA is anticipating an explosion of what it’s calling revenge travel. While many people are returning home today, travel has changed since the pandemic. And AAA expects more people to continue returning home today and throughout the week. Rain and snow in some parts of the country are expected to cause slick travel for millions of you heading back home. 
