---
title: CBS Evening News 11.07.22
date: 2022-11-08 19:16:47
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, it’s the final chance for Democrats and Republicans 	to deliver their closing arguments. Hundreds of candidates are making one last push to get out to vote ahead of Election Day. With control of the Senate and the House on the ballot, both parties are pulling out all the stops, with President J.B, former President B.O and D.T, all hitting the campaign trail. In Georgia, a record 2.5 million voters have already casted their ballots in early voting where Democratic Senator R.W is in a dead heat with Republican H.W. 

More than forty million people have already cast their ballots nationwide. And here in Georgia, the state hit an all-time record in midterms for early voting. But today was really about trying to get the message out to those remaining voters who will cast their ballots Election Day. On the last full day of campaigning, a final plea to get out the vote. Democratic Senator R.W is fighting to keep his job over Republican challenger H.W. The race is locked in a virtual tie. And if no candidate gets over 50%, it could head to a runoff in December. Florida Governor R.S oversees campaign strategies for Senate Republicans. Georgia is one of the six tossups that could decide the control of US Senate along with Pennsylvania where the razor thin contest between Democrat J.F and Republican Dr. M.O drew three US presidents to the trail. The Senate race in Nevada which between incumbent Senator C.C.M and Republican A.L also a dead heat, brought another former President. Voters, they’re concerned about the top issues dominating this midterm season. While in the Midwest, Lieutenant Governor M.B is trying to squeeze out victory over two-term Republican Senator R.J. Republicans continue to hammer with the economy, part of their closing message to voters while Democrats argue democracy is at stake, a critical choice for voters which is hours to go before polls open across the country. 
