---
title: CBS Evening News 10.11.22
date: 2022-10-12 19:05:23
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Russia’s revenge continues as its missiles rained down from the sky across Ukraine for the second straight day. Air-raid siren sounded during the early morning rush hours. Residents took cover in bomb shelters and subway stations. Multiple cities across the country were hit by fresh rockets and kamikaze drone attacks as the death toll continues to rise. Russia’s military appears to be targeting residential areas that including a school and a medical facility in the contested city of Zaporizhian. President B and other G7 leaders held an emergency meeting today and pledged to stay firmly with Ukraine. And tonight, we’re learning details about the sophisticated weapons that could be headed to Ukraine.

In his nightly address moments ago, President Z said Russia launched another twenty-eight missiles into Ukraine today. On the same day, he pleaded with G7 for modern air defense systems saying the key element of Russia’s terror, rocket strikes will cease to work. Ukraine’s Defense Ministry says more than half of at least seventy-five cruise missiles onslaught were intercepted shot down like this video set to show. But wild Kremlin attacks civilian targets. Many of its troops were in retreat on the battlefield. We headed south, where Ukrainian forces smashed through Russian defenses on Kherson region. Not much more than a week ago, this whole area was under Russian control. Russian troops took over local high school as their headquarters. The hole blown into concrete, scorched walls and smashed windows speak of the battle took place when Ukrainian forces closed in. Yesterday’s bombardment has had a huge impact on the civilian infrastructure here cutting off electricity and water in parts of the country. Residents have been asked to conserve energy, shut down businesses early.
