---
title: CBS Evening News 02.09.22
date: 2022-02-10 19:35:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, one by one states are preparing to lose their mask mandates. At least nine states in the last few days have moved to end requirements for schools or public places. Today, four more states joined a growing list of governors that have announced plans to repeal or let mask mandates expire. More are expected to follow suit in the days ahead as Americans are eager to return to life before the pandemic. The seven-day average of new cases fell to just two hundred and thirty thousand as of yesterday, that’s the lowest number since December. The CDC today warned states about moving too fast and still recommends indoor mask wearing in places of substantial or high-transmission of the virus. CDC Director said they encouraged by the current trend but quote “we are not there yet”.

As the pandemic drags on, there are signs of hope tonight that things are getting better but Americans are frustrated. Forty-six percent of those recently polls said it is time to get back to normal. As Covid fatigue continues, Dr. A.F. is sounding optimistic, telling the Financial Times “We are heading out of the full-blown pandemic phase of Covid-19”. This as more states are easing indoor mask mandates. Today, New York, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Illinois all announcing changes joining five other states that announced roll-back this week, Nevada is expected to make an announcement tomorrow. Cases are down nearly forty-four percent from last week and have fallen nearly seventy percent from January 15th when Omicron is peaking. But cases are still more than doubled what they were a year ago. And today, the CDC urged caution. The rollback of mask mandates in schools will take a little longer. Remaining in place until at least the end of the month in some states. With only thirty-nine percent of children are fully vaccinated, the CDC continues to recommend universal masking in schools. Kids in six months old to four years old could be eligible for the vaccine as early as the end of this month. But under federal rules, pharmacies, which played a major role in shot distributions cannot vaccine anyone under three years old creating a potential snag in the rollout. 

:::tip contingency

- : something (such as an emergency) that might happen. 应急的；意外

:::
