---
title: CBS Evening News 06.01.22
date: 2022-06-04 10:22:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with the news that is just coming into us that many parents will welcome. Infants, toddlers and preschoolers are one step closer to get a Covid vaccine. Pfizer just submitted its application and data to the FDA, the final thing needed before the agency to authorize its Covid shot for kids as young as six months old. That’s the only group of Americans that is not yet eligible to get a shot. Pfizer says the vaccine is safe and kids handle the three doses well. The company says its regimen is eighty percent of effective	preventing children from getting sick.

There are about twenty million children under the age of five in the US. And if the FDA give these new Pfizer vaccines emergency use authorization, those kids could have shots by the end of summer. As much of the country return to normal, life for A.F and her family have remained anything but.  F’s seven-year-old daughter is fully vaccinated. But like millions of Americans, her two-year-old has been ineligible for a vaccine. As a result, they avoid most indoor activities, but help could be on the way. In preliminary data, Pfizer said it vaccine for children age six-month-old to five years is about eighty percent effective, the dose is one tenth strength of the adult version. And three shots are required. Moderna has already submitted its request for emergency use authorization for a similar age group. The FDA is meeting at June 14th and 15th to review both Pfizer and Moderna data. Moderna says its two-shot regimen is fifty one percent effective after of preventing illness in children age six months to two and thirty seven percent of effective in kids age two to five. 
