---
title: CBS Evening News 07.20.22
date: 2022-07-21 21:55:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, it’s another day of extreme heat across the country and Europe as triple digits temperatures are being felt around world. More than one third of the US are under excessive heat warnings and advisories as local health officials ask residents to check in on their neighbors, especially the elderly. The scorching heat combined with bone-dry conditions is also fueling wildfires with almost ninety fires burning in thirteen states. In Europe, nearly two thousand people have died because of the hot water. Firefighters in Greece struggled to contain new fires around the capital of Athens. And in London, fires are now under control following the busiest day for the city’s fire brigade since World War II.

It hit a hundred and nine today. It feels like one hundred and fourteen. And for many people here, it’s starting to feel like Groundhog Days as Dallas hasn’t seen high temperature dip below ninety-six since June 4th. There has been no measurable rain in forty-six days, and all of that is just fueling the fire danger. Firefighters continue to brave temperatures hovering around a hundred and ten battling eighteen active wildfires burning across Texas threatening twelve hundred homes. Drought conditions driven by weeks of triple digits heat are turning the Lone Star State into a tinderbox. It’s so hot, Texas trains are slowing down. The Dallas DART system capping speed at thirty miles an hour. All city libraries are now acting as cooling centers. Now the weather pattern slow roasting Midwest is moving east. A power outage in Medford, Massachusetts cut off a sea to thousands. Nearby Boston is under heat emergency. In New York City, temperatures could reach up to a hundred. Over in Europe, the unprecedented heatwave is sparking fires across the continent. Heat blamed for more than nineteen hundred deaths. Outside Athens, police go door to door telling residents to run. 
