---
title: CBS Evening News 02.16.22
date: 2022-02-17 19:32:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with new questions about what Russia is really up to and the claim tonight that retreat from the border of Ukraine. Well, the B administration and NATO don’t believe it would be true. In fact, the intelligent is showing something opposite, with some troops moving closer to the border. And this just in, US official now says seven thousand more Russian soldiers have arrived near Ukraine, with some arriving as recently today. The crisis in Ukraine keeps growing by hour and the United States continues to warn that a Russian invasion could happen at any moment. The State Department says Russian propaganda and misinformation could be used as pretext to cross the borders. Soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell, Kentucky tonight have been ordered to deploy to Europe as part of what’s called Joint Force Task Dragon with mission to support with NATO allies and partners in the region.

US officials tell CBSN that it’s likely Russian cyberattack has already targeted Ukraine’s government, military and critical infrastructure to collecting intelligence. It’s feared an invasion could be preceded by devastating cyberattacks. Today, satellite images of Russia’s troops buildup on Ukraine’s border reportedly show heightened military activity, as well as a new pontoon bridge and a large field hospital. Both in Belarus to Ukraine’s north, where Russian carrying out a massive military exercise. Ukraine’s military is estimated to have roughly a quarter the manpower of Russia’s and less than a tenth of Russia’s fighter aircraft. Belarus claims all Russian forces will leave its territory when those military exercises end this weekend. We’ll have to wait and see if that’s true, it might be a better indication Russian intentions. 
