---
title: CBS Evening News 10.09.22
date: 2022-10-10 20:57:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, Ukrainian President V.Z warned there will be repercussions after Russia’s deadly missile attack on civilians. Overnight, at least a dozen people were killed and several apartment buildings destroyed in the southeastern city of Zaporizhzhia. Z’s comment on the same day Russian President V.P called a truck bomb attack on the one bridge linking Russia to Crimea a terrorist act.

Civilians in Zaporizhzhia once again found themselves a target of Russian military firepower overnight. Missiles rained down on residential neighborhood as families slept, obliterating homes and causing an apartment block to collapsed, spreading terror, death and destruction. The city in the southeast has been on its receiving of Russia’s wraith in recent days. More than sixty civilians have been killed in and around Zaporizhzhia in the past nine days. Yesterday’s strike came on the same night that an explosion tore through the only bridge linking Crimea to the Russian mainland. Moscow blamed a massive truck bomb calling it a terrorist attack. A psychological assault on a hated symbol of Russia’s illegal land grab. Kiev hasn’t officially claimed responsibility but President Z alluded to it in last night’s address. Ukrainian forces have continued to recapture territory in the east and south on the battlefield. Whether the spike in attacks on civilian areas are retaliation, targeted or random doesn’t matter for the victims of the onslaught. And breaking tonight, President V.P said Russian intelligence has accused Ukrainian special services of carrying out the attack on the Crimean bridge. Tomorrow, he holds an emergency security council meeting in Moscow to determine Russia’s response. 
