---
title: CBS Evening News 05.02.22
date: 2022-05-03 18:52:11
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin tonight with the race to escape Mariupol, the city reduced to rubble. And tonight, after spending more than two months underground at least one hundred civilians were able to get out from the besieged steel plant in Ukraine’s port town. But there are more still trapped after Red-Cross and United Nations called off evacuation today, because of constant Russian shelling. And it comes to the highest-ranking US official, Speaker of the House N.P made a surprise visit to Kiev. Today, P and a delegation of Democratic lawmakers met with the Polish President in Warsaw after a secret trip to meet the President V.Z in Kiev. And we’re learning more tonight of what the US officials believe is Russia’s plan of P’s war. The Kremlin is planning to annex the two eastern regions of Ukraine after failing to capture the capital and overthrown the government. P’s visit to the region comes as the President B is requesting thirty-three billion dollars in funding for Ukraine. That’s money for defense, economic, humanitarian aid and no city need it more than Mariupol. After two months of hell on Earth, the **ineffable** relief of escape. In a major breakthrough of the UN and international committee of Red Cross, women, children and elderly among the first leaving the darkness of Mariupol steel mill. In the coastal city of Odessa, a child was killed in a Russian missile strike on a residential building according to emergency officials. Combine with Russian attacks on key infrastructure, the country is now struggling of enough food and fuel with vehicle lining up at the pump for miles. But Ukraine is not without its victory, a drone strike taking out two Russian patrol boats on the Black Sea. Throughout the war, Ukraine has creatively defended its territory, not afraid to blow up its own bridges, roads, anything to slow down the Russians. Just outside Kiev, that meant breaching this dam. At great cost to the nearby town of Demydiv. The water completely destroyed this part of town, destroying possessions, destroying homes but we’re told they were happy to do it because if they didn’t, the Russians were going to destroy for them. They effectively save the village and they save the capital of Kiev just further on that direction.

:::tip ineffable

- : incapable of being expressed in words : INDESCRIBABLE. 不可言喻的，难以形容的
  
:::
