---
title: CBS Evening News 11.21.22
date: 2022-11-22 20:41:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are learning new details about the latest mass shooting in America, this time, in Colorado Springs at a gay nightclub at Saturday night. Five are dead, seventeen more were shot and even more injured when they ran for their lives. The twenty-two suspect is in the hospital, facing murder and hate crime charges. And tonight, police are hailing two heroes, T.J and R.F who saved countless lives by disarming the gunman before officers arrived on the scene. F served fifteen years in the army, including four tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. And he told the New York Times that he went into combat mode and allegedly grabbed a pistol from the gunman and hit him on the head quote “over and over”. This bar was considered a safe space for the LGBTQ community. The mayor of Colorado Springs tonight tells CBSN that the shooting certainly has the trappings of a hate crime. 

Tonight, we have new information about the shooting spree here at Club Q, where people are gathering to pay tribute. We’re also learning more about those who died. They are two employees, three customers ambushed during a night out. The suspect, twenty-two-year-old A.L will face murder and hate crime charges. Investigators say they will file formal charges soon. A man of the same name and age was arrested after a bomb threat near Colorado Springs last year, but the charges were dismissed. This is doorbell video of the man surrendering to police. There is no record police or family members tried to trigger Colorado red flag law. That would have allowed police to seized any weapons the man may have. The call came in later Saturday night. A shooter, fired at the crowd. Now identifying the two heroes who stopped the suspect, R.F and T.J. The shooting comes amid a number of anti-LGBTQ bills, targeting transgender people for discrimination. Today, US Transportation Secretary P.B, the administration highest ranking openly gay man, told CBSN he believes political rhetoric is providing fuels for violence. For now, Club Q is closed indefinitely. When or if it reopens, the memories will simply too much. Authorities have now revised downward the number of people hurt to eighteen, seventeen of them were shot and a number of those are still in the hospital in a community shaken to its core.
