---
title: CBS Evening News 12.20.22
date: 2022-12-21 19:41:05
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A powerful earthquake killed and tonight, there is major damaged buildings and roads in northern California. Plus, the B administration just weighed in on the lifting of immigration policy known as Title 42. We’ll have more on that in just a moment. But first, we are going to begin with impending travel nightmare for those trying to make it home before Christmas. Record cold temperatures are on the way, followed by blizzard condition later in the week, from the Midwest to the Northeast. AAA says nearly one thirteen million Americans are expected to travel for the holidays, that’s up more than three and a half million since just last year. Airlines are already issuing waivers and travel alerts ahead of the expected delays and cancelations. 

This powerful storm will have widespread impact on airports which already bracing for one of the busiest holiday travel days since the pandemic began. And now, transit hubs like this one are planning on avalanche of cancelations for some expected to be once in a generation storm. Snow is already falling in cities like Seattle and with that some cold air already moving east, those expecting to travel for the holiday facing uphill climb. In fact, the storm system is already causing delays and cancelations at Seattle International Airport. Thursday is expected to be the busiest travel day at the	holiday season, with more than forty-seven thousand flights scheduled across the country. Airlines are considering cancelations after meeting with weather team today. Waivers are being offered to travelers wanted to change plans but the time to make those changes is now. While 7.2 million are expected to fly, more than one hundred million will be driving. One gift drivers can appreciate, falling gas prices which are hovering around $3.12 per gallon, the lowest since July, 2021. Now, for those flying next week, the best advise is to download your airline apps and the latest updates, book the most early flight of the day on the most direct route.
