---
title: CBS Evening News 09.24.22
date: 2022-09-26 20:59:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news on two fronts. Today, a state of emergency in Florida was widen as the second named storm of the season takes aim. Ian expected to be a major threat to the US mainland. But we begin in Atlantic Canada. Today, what was Hurricane Fiona roared through five provinces with drenching rains and powerful winds. In some places, waves took buildings off their foundations. It is the first time in forty years a storm this strong has hit this far north. 

Powerful winds are still ripping through the Atlantic provinces as this storm pushes north. Fiona landed here in the wee hours of the morning and knocked out power to thousands of people in five provinces. It could be days before that power is restored. There are trees down and power lines down throughout, in some cases, on top of people’s homes. There’s also widespread flooding and coastal surges historic surges on the west coast of newfoundland. It’s so bad that some homes were washed out to sea. Now emergency officials are telling us that it could be days, maybe weeks before this region recovers. 

Fiona has left a week of destruction in its wake. Puerto Rico was hit Sunday and it is still recovering. Half the island remains without power. Fiona has killed at least eight people. And today, people in Florida are stocking up on supplies as they prepare for Ian.
