---
title: CBS Evening News 05.06.22
date: 2022-05-07 17:13:38
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
First, we have some breaking news, President B just announced new one hundred- and fifty-million-dollar security package to Ukraine. At the Pentagon today, spokesperson J.K confirmed the US is providing intelligence to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves, including sinking a Russian warship. K said the kind of intelligence provided is legitimate, lawful and limited. In Mariupol, Ukrainian forces are making a last stand against Russian onslaught and that besieged steel plant. Ukraine says Russia is stepping up its attacks in a desperate bid to score victory ahead of Moscow’s Victory Day celebrations on May 9th. The Italian government today ordered to seizure of a luxury super yacht, the seven hundred-million-dollar ship has been linked to V.P and was reportedly getting ready to set sail. Meanwhile, First Lady, J.B is on a four-day visit to Eastern Europe, thanking US troops deployed to the region to deter Russian aggression.

Heavy fighting continues Azovstal steel plant making the evacuation of civilians slow and perilous. Around fifty made it out safely today, but there are still many more inside. With them, Ukrainian soldiers who remain defiant. Ukrainian soldiers hold out for over two months inside the plant might be delaying the inevitable, but they are the only defense against Russia gaining full control of Mariupol. Nobody expected them to hold out for so long. This is what the city looked like just after the starter of the war and look at it now. Trapped alongside the fighters, over one hundred civilians. The Kremlin has promised another cease fire today to allow a safe passage but it's unclear how successful it’s be. Fighting along several fronts has intensified ahead of Russia’s version of B Day. That’s President V.P is reportedly hoping to celebrate a major victory in this war. Instead, he’s facing accusations of war crimes, to date over nine thousand and Ukraine is wasting no time building its case. Gathering evidence of executions, torture, and rape as well as prove of residential areas were deliberately targeted. In a show of unity, both Presidents B and Z will attend a virtual meeting of G7 leaders Sunday, their focus, building on the already unprecedented sanctions against their Russian counterpart. 

