---
title: CBS Evening News 12.29.22
date: 2022-12-30 19:56:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the sports world is mourning the passing of soccer superstar Pele at the age of eighty-two. His fellow Brazilian footballer Neymar wrote on Instagram “Pele made soccer art”. Also tonight, embattled New York Congressman elect J.S’s own constituents are calling on him to resign after he lied about his faith and linked to his mother’s death to the 911 attacks. But first, a major snowstorm system moves across the western part of the country. Dumping nearly a foot of snow in parts of Colorado, shutting down an interstate and leaving drivers stranded for more than nine hours. Heading into another holiday weekend, more rain and snow is in the forecast from California to the Rocky Mountains. And a separate system will bring heavy rain to much of the east coast. 

The forecast called for about two inches. By daybreak, more than seven had blanketed Denver and stranded hundreds in the mountain pass along Interstate seventy. You can see the snow drifts piled high, and none of it was here yesterday at this time. At the height of this latest storm. Snow is falling at the rate of two inches an hour. And we’re bracing here, a lot more is on the way.

In Buffalo tonight, major roads have reopened as driving ban has been lifted. It comes five days after the blizzard of the century paralyzed that city. 
