---
title: CBS Evening News 05.05.22
date: 2022-05-06 18:53:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, protesters spreading across the nation following the leaked draft decision from the Supreme Court that would end federal protection of abortion rights. While the demonstrations have been mostly peaceful so far, there is growing concern about potential violence leading up to the official ruling. Fences have gone up around Supreme Court as crowds are expected to grow in the days and weeks ahead. And CBSN has learned that Justices themselves have been given extra security while several Justices have cancelled upcoming public appearances. CBSN set down with former Secretary of State H.C who called the opinion incredibly dangerous and warned that more could be at risk	than just the abortion rights. That draft majority opinion on the future of abortion rights continues to **reverberate** nationwide. And now there are growing concerns about the potential political violence against the Supreme Court Justices themselves. The Supreme Court under lock down, eight-foot-high fencing now surrounds the building. All entry points have blocked vehicles, and more officers on patrol. The scene reminiscent of what Washington looked like after the January 6th attacks. The nine Justices are also under heavier security. CBSN has learned general threats of violence against them are up. Their home locations have been shared online and receiving more targeted personal phone press. Justice S.A, author of the leaked majority draft opinion, cancelled the scheduled appearance in Nashville. The other Justices are also cutting back on public events. Chief Justice J.R addressed the leak today, calling it absolutely **appalling** and called the leaker foolish. But the fallout has only intensified. In Illinois, surrounding by five states set to restrict abortion services, clinics trying to prepare for a flood of new patients. Many of those out of state patients would be seen virtually and sent to abortion pills but those are also in jeopardy. At least seventeen states are introduced legislation to ban or restrict access to the pills. Meanwhile, here at the White House, plans for a new press secretary, J.P who is going to step down next Friday.

:::tip reverberate

- : REVERBERATING, RESOUNDING, ECHOING. 回响
  
:::

:::tip appalling

- : inspiring horror, dismay, or disgust. 骇人听闻的
  
:::
