---
title: CBS Evening News 10.10.22
date: 2022-10-11 18:18:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Well, the world’s most powerful western nations are convening on an emergency meeting tomorrow to address the increasing dire situation in Ukraine after Russian targeted civilian areas throughout the country. Major cities were rocked by more than eighty Russia’s missile strikes during a busy morning rush hours what appears to be the largest wave of attacks since the opening of the war. One of the targets included a landmark pedestrian bridge located in the capital of Kiev. P said the attacks were in response to the destruction of a key bridge linking Russia to Crimea over weekend. Well, Ukrainian officials say at least fourteen were killed and nearly one hundred others injured in more than a dozen cities. President B spoke with President Z late today by phone and he pledged to provide support to Ukraine including advance air defense systems that he asked for. 

Tonight, the US embassy in Kiev has urged all American citizens to leave the country immediately. Air-raid sirens have been blared here all day. Russian forces unleashed a deadly, sustain campaign terror across Ukraine launching its most powerful long-range weapons in the most widespread assault since the invasion began. P’s war machine took aim at more than a dozen cities in a coordinated bombardment. Multiple strikes on the capital Kiev in the heart of downtown. Cars erupting in flames on streets near M square blast, destruct in the middle of rush hour. A smoldering crater near children’s playground. Ukrainian President saying they seek panic and chaos, they have two targets, energy sectors and people. Russia’s retaliation for blowing the bridge leading from Russia to Crimea. President P today calling it a terrorist attack, warning of even worse prices if it’s repeated. Not only disrupting a key Russian supply line but taking a direct swipe in P who personally drove across the bridge as it official opening in 2018. The payback sent Ukrainians scrambling for shelter for the first time in months. Residents in Kiev taking refuge in the city’s subway again. And in another worrying development tonight, the leader of Belarus is announced a joint military taskforce with Russia. Belarus was used as a staging ground for Russian troops in the initial invasion of Ukraine.
