---
title: CBS Evening News 07.28.22
date: 2022-07-29 18:55:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, for the second time this week, catastrophic flooding has forced Americans to flee their homes in the middle of the night, this time in Eastern Kentucky. Six to ten inches of rains cause widespread flash flooding across Appalachia, washing out roads and bridges and pushing homes off their foundations. At least eight people are dead but Kentucky’s governor warns the death toll will likely rise to double digits these coming days. The governor also said that hundreds of properties could be destroyed in one of the worst, most devastating flooding events in state history. Well tonight, a state of emergency is in effect and the National Guard has been activated. The Kentucky Red Cross is on the ground in ninety counties affected by the floodings and more rain is on the way. 

Earlier this morning about thirty residents were rescued from their homes and they are telling us this is the worst flooding here in forty-five years. The North Fork Kentucky River in Whitesburg reached nearly eleven feet above flood stage today. As much as six inches of rain fall in less than three hours, triggering fast rising flood waters in the Eastern parts of Kentucky. When the sun came up, Buckhorn Elementary in hard-hit Perry County was completely under water. A state of emergency remains in effect. Roads in many areas are impassable. First responders were forced to brave swift moving waters to rescue people from their homes. The same weather system caused deadly flooding in St. Louis earlier this week. And tonight, with more rain in the forecast, residents are bracing for more devastation. Forty-one thousand customers in Kentucky are without power. Cell service is spotty, residents can’t get back in here until the water recedes. And then the remediation process gets underway.
