---
title: CBS Evening News 12.14.22
date: 2022-12-15 18:38:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A US border city is on edge tonight as an influx of migrants cross into United States and thousands more are expected in the coming days. Plus, we’ve got our reporting on America’s Fentanyl Crisis. Our search for answers on what is being done to protect our children. But we are going to begin with that coast-to-coast storm that is threatening millions from the northern plains to the Gulf of Mexico. Just moments ago, a tornado touched down just outside New Orleans. As we come on the air, winter alerts are posted from the Rocky Mountains to the Great Lakes as the east coast prepared for a powerful blast of ice, and snow. In the south, the rare outbreak of tornados killed at least three people in Louisiana.

Louisiana is under a state of emergency tonight, the governor says the threat of severe weather is far from over for families across the state. Tonight, a tornado ripping through New Orleans, officials confirming a twister tore through Jefferson Parish before passing into Eastern portions of the city, causing widespread damage. It’s the second tornado to hit New Orleans area today, with Saint Charles Parish taking a direct hit. At least one person was killed there. The storm’s part of a monster winter system causing chaos from the South to the North where blizzard conditions have shut down major highways. Further West in Louisiana, several houses and a medical center were damaged as the suspected twister roared through New Iberia. The storm turned deadly overnight, after an EF-2 tornado tore through the small town of Keithville, killing a young boy and his mother, his body found a half mile from demolished home. While in Farmerville, houses were blown off their foundation now after a late-night twister struck with little warning. More than twenty people were injured, cars were flipped, and belongings scattered about. Today, the McMichael picked through what was left to their home, pulling out family treasures and Christmas decorations. 
