---
title: CBS Evening News 05.28.22
date: 2022-05-29 16:38:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, no adjective can capture the level of anger **emanating** from Uvalde, Texas. Today, families are trying to process the news of authorities waited before entering the classroom where a gunman took twenty-one lives in the nation’s twenty seventh school shooting so far this year. Today, in his commencement address of the University of Delaware, President B remembered the young lives lost.

Thousands of people have streamed into this park in Uvalde, they cried together, they prayed together. And they’re also asking questions, the biggest one? Why officers took so long to stop the shooter. Song of salvation makes sorrow today, as the small community in Uvalde, Texas came together after being ripped apart by Tuesday’s massacre. While hundreds of residents praying for strength, investigators are still looking answers into Uvalde School Police Chief A’s decision to not allow a border patrol tactical team to confront the shooter for more than forty minutes while students and teachers inside a classroom called 911. We asked the social networking at Yubo about reports the suspect threatening raise a school shooting in its platform. Yubo responded “Due to active investigation by law enforcement, we cannot publicly share details on an individual user’s data at this time”. We’re also hearing from the shooter’s mother: “I have no words. I have no words to say because I don’t know what he was thinking”. 

:::tip emanate

- : EMIT 发射
  
:::
