---
title: CBS Evening News 05.20.22
date: 2022-05-21 22:31:32
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, you may have noticed that filling your car or truck is especially painful right now. Well, you’re not alone, gas prices are at all time high. The national average for regular gas stands at $4.59 per gallon. That’s $1.50 more than just one year ago. And while gas prices are up, stocks are down. The week ended in the red after flirting with a bare market. Despite stocks making a late-day rally, all three indexes closed down on the week. The tech-heavy NASDAQ posted its seventh straight week of losses and is now down more than twenty-eight percent on the year. There is one bright spot, a Bloomberg report sees the US GDP outpacing China for the first time since 1976. But worries about surging inflation and rising interest rates are hitting Americans’ pocketbooks and retirement savings as fears of a recession loom over the nation. 

Plenty of Americans are seeing red tonight, and feeling the financial pressure of an economy potentially heading toward recession. From coast to coast, customers and businesses are trying to make ends meet. But they are telling CBSN that is becoming more difficult every day. There are danger signs everywhere tonight for the American consumers. The cost of gas continues to rise. Food prices are spiking. And corporate profits are taking major hits. Sending markets plummeting this week. The DOW down for seven straight weeks, worse Wall Street performance in more than two decades. The war in Ukraine and Covid related factory closures in China are fueling the worst inflation in forty years. Gas prices have hit records for eleven consecutive days. But it’s the price of diesel, up seventy-five percent over last year that’s impacting M.R’s moving company	in Ohio. Her drivers have to change their approaches to cut cost. Despite high gas prices, many Americans say they will hit the road this summer. But seventy percent say record high fuel prices have some affect on their travel plans. J.P Morgan estimates if current trend continues, we could see nationwide average above $6 per gallon by August.
