---
title: CBS Evening News 08.17.22
date: 2022-08-18 19:00:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, D.T’s former Vice President is speaking out for the first time since the search of Mar-a-Lago. And it comes as the Jan.6th committee is continuing its work. Well, tonight the panel may have a new witness. M.P says he would consider testifying if he is asked. You may recall, there was pressure campaign led by T for P to overturn the 2020 election and not certify the electoral votes in Congress. White House told the committee that when P didn’t comply, the former president called him a wimp and rioters called for his hanging. Well, P’s comments came as R.G spent his day under oath before a grand jury at Atlanta that’s investigating attempts to overturn the Presidential Election. 

This Georgia investigation may pose the most imminent legal jeopardy for the former President. But it’s also the work of the Jan.6th committee and its political impact ahead of 2024. And now, that committee may have yet another star witness. Today’s remarks by former Vice President M.P were the closest he has come to saying he might testify before the Jan.6th committee. Even though the relationship between P and Mr. T is strained as a result of Jan.6th. P today did weigh in on last week’s search of Mar-a-Lago while asking fellow Republicans not to target the FBI agents. Currently, Mr. T is under legal scrutiny in the state of New York. And in Georgia, the Fulton county district attorney could be building a case against him. In that case, former President was recorded in a phone call to Georgia Secretary of State. But there is another battleground in yet another court room. This one involving yet another T’s ally South Carolina’s senator L.G who is appealing a judge’s decision that he also testify before this special grand jury in this court house just as R.G did today. 
