---
title: CBS Evening News 12.03.22
date: 2022-12-04 20:09:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It is not winter yet, but sure looks like it across parts of the west this weekend. For millions, it’s round two of storms. This is Seattle tonight. Snow flurries are making roadways slick and travel potentially treacherous. More snow and lots of rain are forecast. This on the heels of another potent storm that sweeping the east. Today, whiteout conditions in Loveland, Colorado as a powerful storm swept the state making driving dangerous. The snow with high winds forced some roads to shut down. Those gusts also triggering massive dust clouds and blew tumbleweeds across streets. Outside Portland, Oregon, this highway was closed after rain sent mud and rock onto the pavement. The debris filling at least ten big rigs. The roadways remain closed tonight. As this storm blows out of the Pacific Northwest, a second blast of snow, rain and wind is moving in. The snow piling up in the Sierra Nevada, twenty-four inches of snow Thursday alone. The cold front is sweeping east, expected to drop temperatures to the Atlantic coast. It is sunny in Los Angeles now, but rain is expected tomorrow. That fresh Sierra snow will help replenish California’s reservoirs when it melts. A much-needed step to help battle the drought. 

We turn now to the critical runoff race for the Senate in Georgia. Incumbent Democrat R.W and Republican H.W are making their final pitches to voters this weekend ahead of Tuesday’s vote.
