---
title: CBS Evening News 11.04.22
date: 2022-11-05 22:02:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are tracking severe weather with millions in the path of dangerous storms, we’ll have more on that in just a minute. But first, which is four days into the midterms, we want to begin with the candidates who is not on the ballot, but looming over election day. Tonight, D.T is hinting he’s ready to jump to the 2024 presidential race, teasing announcement to supporters in Iowa. Advisors familiar with the former President’s plan tell CBSN that T is considering making his widely rumored bid for the White House official in the coming weeks. T is hoping to get out in front of any GOP challengers for the party’s nomination and to ride Republican victories in the midterms. 

While most of Congressional Republicans tonight are focused on next week’s midterms, former President T’s shadow hovers over the final days. He is moving toward a possible 2024 presidential campaign which could come sooner than later. And behind the scenes, the discussion is more than just a wink. CBSN has learned that T has told aides and donors in recent days that he is considering a 2024 presidential bid and could announce in two weeks before Thanksgiving with the hope of capitalizing unexpected GOP gains in midterms. By jumping in early, T might hope to box out potential primary challengers including his former VP. T allies say some in his inner circle believe a third run for the White House could shield him from multiple ongoing probes, including his effort to overturn the 2020 election, handling of records marked classified and the Capitol Attack. Veteran Democrats tell CBSN tonight that if T jumps this month, it could prompt President B to make his announcement about 2024 in coming weeks, setting up a potential rematch of 2020 election. 
