---
title: CBS Evening News 01.06.22
date: 2022-01-07 21:15:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
With the first primaries in the midterms just a few months away, states are the next fierce battleground for future of elections and the fiery debate already playing out in Michigan. Michigan Democratic Secretary of State J.B. worries the chaotic election will happen again. Two third of Republicans believe the 2020 election was **fraudulent**. And CBS News has found at least 31 people who rallied in Washington on Jan.6th are running for state or federal office. Six of them are here in Michigan, including J.R., who has been endorsed by Donald Trump. But no court in the country found evidence of widespread election fraud. Still, Republicans in Michigan are using a **quirk** in the state’s constitution to change election laws without governor’s signature. J.R. runs the Michigan group, Secure My Vote, which critics say is working to make it harder to vote by proposing new voter ID requirements and preventing officials from sending unsolicited absentee ballot applications. Secretary of State B called that misguided and unnecessary. Also here in Michigan, Republicans have been replacing some local GOP election officials who certified the 2020 results, sparking fears among Democrats and nonpartisan election experts about how ballot counts go ahead and close elections later this year and in 2024.

:::tip fraudulent

- : characterized by, based on, or done by fraud : DECEITFUL. 欺骗的
  
:::

:::tip scaffold

- : a temporary or movable platform for workers (such as bricklayers, painters, or miners) to stand or sit on when working at a height above the floor or ground. 脚手架
  
:::

:::tip redress

- : to set right : REMEDY. 纠正；赔偿
  
:::

:::tip grievance

- : a cause of distress (such as an unsatisfactory working condition) felt to afford reason for complaint or resistance. 抱怨，不满；冤屈
  
:::

:::tip quirk

- : an unusual habit or type of behavior, or something that is strange and unexpected. 怪事，怪癖
  
:::
