---
title: CBS Evening News 09.01.22
date: 2022-09-02 19:28:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, day four of the humanitarian water crisis in Jackson, Mississippi as frustrations grow for the nearly two hundred thousand Americans living without clean drinking water. Officials reported progress in repairing the city’s water treatment plant, but even as the water pressure returns, the state capital and its surrounding communities can’t drink that water. Some six hundred national guards, troops are on the scene helping the city and volunteer groups get drinking water into the hands of residents. Thousands are lining up in the ninety-degree heat. Jackson population which is more than eighty percent black has been under a boil water notice for more than a month. And all Jackson’s public school district students are learning remotely. 

It’s extremely difficult and there was on timeline for relief. Families don’t even have clean water to take showers or even brush their teeth. So, they are coming here to one of seven new large distribution sites. After nearly a week, many in Jackson Mississippi are still without reliable drinking water. Despite crews installing an emergency pump at the city’s deteriorating water treatment facility a day ago. Today, the Mississippi governor deflected questions about why it’s taken so long to solve a crisis that was a long time coming. Today, the National Guard set up additional sites to hand out bottle water by the case. Until the problem is solved, people will continue to be desperate to get water. Now, the National Guard tells CBSN it will remain here in Jackson until order has changed.
