---
title: CBS Evening News 09.27.22
date: 2022-09-28 19:08:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Florida is a state on the edge tonight as it prepares for what could be the biggest storm in years. The major news tonight is that the path of hurricane has shifted, pushing the storm to an earlier landfall and further south than where we are tonight. Two and half residents are under mandatory or voluntary evacuation orders as the outer bands of Hurricane Ian reached the southern parts of the state. Florida Director of Emergency management said more than one hundred nursing homes and hospitals in the Tampa areas have been evacuated. Grocery stores up and down the coast are packed as the residents rushed to grab last minute supplies. But many are finding nothing but empty shelves. Hurricane Ian slammed to Cuba as a category three storm with winds of a hundred twenty miles per hour, knocking out power to more than a million people. And the storm is gaining strength in the open water of Gulf of Mexico. Check out this satellite images showing the eye of the storm packed with lightning. One of the biggest concerns is that Ian could dump record amounts of rain and cost danger storm surge across six hundred miles of coast lines. 

Tampa hasn’t taken a direct hit from Hurricane since 1921 and even thought the city may dodge Ian’s bullet, people here aren’t taking any chances. Floridians are on the move. All along Florida’s gulf coast thousands of residents are heading inland heeding the call to evacuated as Hurricane Ian inches close. Ian is expected to make landfall in Florida in the next thirty-six hours after battering west Cuba with one hundred and twenty-five miles per hour winds. The Florida Keys will fill up early edge of the storm this evening with high winds and heavy rains. President B said his administration has already sent aid to the region ahead of the storm. Residents are rushing to build sandbags and stock up on emergency supplies. Some shelves are already running bare. It also a scramble to a scramble for Tampa area’s hospitals starting airlifting patients out of the danger zone. The Tampa Airport is closed, the Fort Myers Airport will close this evening. The Orlando Airport which rarely shuts down will cease operation tomorrow. Even Disney World will shut down their parks Wednesday and Thursday because of the storm.
