---
title: CBS Evening News 11.16.22
date: 2022-11-17 18:36:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with a shocking incident, a car ran over dozens of Los Angeles County sheriff crews during morning run. Twenty-five cadets were injured, five critically when a SUV traveling on the wrong side of the road plowed into the group as they ran information during a training exercise. The sheriff office says the most serious injuries include head trauma, broken bones and lost limbs. The driver was taken into custody at the scene by other members of the training academy. But officials say it appears to have been a horrific accident. 

Firefighters at the station behind us were about to go off shift when they heard the collision and rushed out onto the scene to begin administering aid, something the sheriff says saved lives. In early morning training run turned into a real-life emergency after a car drove head-on into more than two dozen law enforcement recruits on a suburban street outside Los Angeles. Some of the cadets told investigators the car accelerated to thirty or forty miles per hour before hitting them, leaving little time to get out the way. Police identified the driver as a twenty-two-year-old man who they say was detained at the scene and passed a breathalyzer test. Seriously injured cadets were airlifted twenty miles to the nearest trauma center. Loved ones rushed to the hospital. The incident occurred just down the block from an elementary school, classes today were canceled. Just before we came on the air, police towed away the suspect’s SUV and opened up the crime scene. Investigators say they are going to look at all possible motives from a medical emergency to whether or not this was intentional. 
