---
title: CBS Evening News 12.19.22
date: 2022-12-20 19:46:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we have breaking news the Supreme Court weighing in on the border debate as influx of migrants are expected in the days ahead. Plus, there is that massive cross-country storm that is bringing dangerously low temperatures to a majority of the US. But first, we do want to start with that historic day on Capitol Hill. For the first time in American history, Congress has referred a former president to the Department of Justice for a possible criminal prosecution, recommending four felony charges for his role in trying to over the 2020 Presidential election. Now, the statute for one of those charges, insurrection says someone convicted shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States. Plus, we are learning tonight t he warning from Hope Hicks to D.T about violence on January 6th and what the president said in return. This all marks the culmination of the committee’s eighteen months investigation now as it seeks accountability. 

The select committee says it has sufficient evidence that the former president spread false election claims mounted a pressure campaign to overturn the results and was derelict in his duty by failing to call up the rioters on January 6th. The vote was unanimous and unprecedented. At its last public hearing, the January 6th committee issued four criminal referrals against the former President D.T. The recommended charges include obstruction of an official proceeding, conspiracy to defraud the United States, conspiracy to make a false statement and incite, assist or aid and comfort an insurrection. The committee also revealed new interviews including with T’s advisor H.H, who told the former president his election fraud claim could damage his legacy. The panel found T’s daughter, I was more forthcoming in her interview and it unveiled additional evidence of potential witness tampering, suggesting at least one witness was offered a job and financial security before testify. The committee also recommended potential prosecution for several T allies, including conservative attorney J.E, former White House Chief of Staff M.M and personal attorney R.G. The committee has referred four GOP lawmakers to the House Ethics Committee for failing to comply with their subpoenas including minority leader K.M. Tonight, former President T is dismissing the charges against him as fake and accusing the panel of a partisan attempt to sideline him and Republican party.
