---
title: CBS Evening News 02.23.22
date: 2022-02-26 16:51:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin tonight with much of the world on high alert, waiting and dreading the V.P. and his Russian forces are ready to conduct the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. After one hundred and ninety thousand Russian troops are assembled on Ukraine’s border, and almost all of them are in attack positions. Ukraine has declared state of emergency and called up military reservists. The Kremlin today said rebel leaders in Eastern Ukraine have asked Russia for a military assistance to **fend** off Ukrainian aggression. While the fear is that Russia will use this as a pretext for direct military involvement in the Eastern Ukraine. And there is new satellite images today that show heavily armed Russian troops on the move less than ten miles from the Ukrainian border. The tension sending stocks into another **nosedive** today with the DOW at its lowest level of the year.

Once again, there have been a number of cyber attacks here tonight, targeting banks and the foreign ministry. The fear has always been that would be the first sign of military invasion only adding the tensions here. That nationwide state of emergency already went into effect at midnight here. Polices are now warning residents to on alert in case of attack. Ukrainian President’s mobilization of reserve troops. Russia evacuating embassy’s staff in hurry. The Kremlin says separatists have requested help to counter what they say is aggression from the Ukrainian military. A senior defense official telling CBSN that Russia’s military is ready for a full-scale invasion, which could come as soon as tonight, including targeting the capital Kiev itself. And the President P has assembled nearly a hundred percent of the forces, US officials believe, he needed to launch an invasion. US believes Russian troops are now entering the Donbass region of Eastern Ukraine. Ukraine now looks and feels like a country bracing for a full-blown war. At a tank factory in Kiev, we visited today, they have been working overtime. Repairing tanks from frontline fighting, where Ukrainian forces have been battling Russian-backed separatists for years. They not only know the clock is ticking, they are fully aware this factory itself maybe a target if Russia launches a full-scale invasion. The atmosphere here at Kiev has changed tonight, those recent developments, the fighting in the east. It’s no longer a question of if, but when, and that may happen at any time.

:::tip fend

- : DEFEND. 保护
  
:::

:::tip nosedive

- : a sudden extreme drop. 暴跌；俯冲
  
:::
