---
title: CBS Evening News 11.24.22
date: 2022-11-25 17:25:47
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
On this Thanksgiving Day, the community in Chesapeake, Virginia is still grappling with the loss of six lives inside a Walmart Tuesday night. And we’re also learning new details tonight about the possible motive of the thirty-one-year-old gunman. We now know more about the victims and the jobs they held. The age ranges from sixteen to seventy and include an overnight shelf stocker and a custodian. After the shooting, President B said because of yet another horrific and senseless act of violence, there are now even more tables around this country that will have empty seats this Thanksgiving. This morning, he called on Congress to try to do something to save lives and again called for a ban on assault weapons. 

On this Thanksgiving, investigators’ working on that mass shooting did not stop. They are digging in the gunman’s past but his final week on the job may offer a clear picture yet. The search for answers in the mass shooting in Chesapeake, Virginia continued as investigators come through evidence at the Walmart and the home of A.B. Police say thirty-one-year-old, a store manager, opened fire in the Walmart, killing six and injuring seven before turning the gun on himself. Multiple media reports say his phone contains notes complaining at his job and harassment from his coworkers. All of the dead were store employees. Police have not named the sixteen-year-old victim as he is a minor. In Colorado Springs still reeling from mass shooting at a gay nightclub there last week. A local church is stepped up to host a meal for those who would normally gather at Club Q on Thanksgiving. That mass shooting bringing the Colorado Springs community together this Thanksgiving Day and we are seeing a similar response in Chesapeake, Virginia. Tonight, residents are being advised to take care of their mental health while also supporting the victims and their families. 
