---
title: CBS Evening News 04.19.22
date: 2022-04-21 19:04:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We come on the air with some breaking news. CBSN has learned that the US is preparing a major new shipment of artillery and ammunition to Ukraine and rushing to get there in time to use against this new Russian offensive. Russian forces have launched a full-scale attack into the Donbass region with what the Pentagon estimates to be additional thirteen battalion tactical groups. The attack stretched across a three-hundred-mile line from the region’s southern tip to the northern end, near the city of Kharkiv, which remains under intense shelling. Civilians continue to be targeted and humanitarian corridors have now been closed. President B held a video call with allies this morning to discuss the situation.

Even after weeks of fighting in this country maybe facing its biggest assault yet. President Z in his late night address said Russian army will go down in history as the most barbaric and inhuman in the world. From the hard-hit city of Kharkiv to the North, to the besieged city of Mariupol to the South where Russian troops stormed a steelworks facility where holdout Ukrainian forces are struggling to make a last stand. Russian missile and artillery bombarded target across a three-hundred-mile front line in a ferocious new phase of the war. Ukrainian officials say forces withstood the worst of the onslaught so far President Z vowing no matter how many Russian troops they send here, we will fight, we will defend ourselves. After failing to capture capital Kiev, Russian has turned its focus and firepower on the country’s industrial heart land in the East, repositioning thousands of troops and heavy weapons to the Donbass region, taking over the front line town and Kreminna and expanding areas already under Russian occupation. Including the siege of Europe’s largest nuclear power plant in Zaporizhzhia after a hard-fought battle and put the facility itself in peril. This river effectively serves as a front line between Russian held territory including the nuclear power plant and Ukrainian held territory. But this war has already hit home here. Today, they held a funeral service for twenty-nine-year D.S. The airborne lieutenant killed three days ago when his vehicle struck a Russian anti-tank mine. His mother told us he wanted to be a soldier since he was four. There will be never a child like him, she said, my shining son, they took my only blood, they took son, may he rest in peace, they took my angel. D.S and his wife had only been married a year and a half; they were planning to start a family. 
