---
title: CBS Evening News 12.22.22
date: 2022-12-23 19:12:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
After a surprise trip to Washington, Ukraine’s President Z is back home tonight, hoping more US military aid will soon follow. Plus, FTX founder S.B is under arrest tonight as he awaits his trial and his first court appearance in New York. But first, the biggest Christmas storm in decades consumed much of the country. Winter storm warnings, blizzard conditions and dangerous cold forecast now in more forty states from Pacific Northwest to New England and as far South as Florida. Heavy snow and strong winds have already created chaos across the Midwest bringing many communities to a frozen standstill. Inevitably, travel headaches are here and they will multiply, aggravating this holiday season. 

The storm forecasters are calling once in a generation event has tightening its grip on more than half of the country with more snow, winds and rains to come. Herer in Illinois, the State Emergency Management Agency is warning people to find shelter from the bitter cold and stay there. It’s going to be a tough few days. White out conditions from Colorado to Wyoming to Minnesota ??? the date today. One person is dead after a weather-related car crash on Inter State 80 Nebraska. Wyoming state police handled nearly eight hundred calls for help, more than a hundred crashes in just twelve hours. Heavy winds and life-threatening subzero temperatures swept across the Great Plains, rolling into Chicago where was snowing by midday. As its march across the country, outside of Denver, temperatures dropped thirty degrees in just ten minutes. Even Texas has begun to experience that same frigid air with Dallas already under a dust of snow with temperatures in the teems. And with high winds also a factor, here in Chicago area, road and utility workers are on standby to help clear out icy roads and restore power in the event of outages. 
