---
title: CBS Evening News 08.29.22
date: 2022-08-30 19:55:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, top officials are beginning to assess whether intelligence was compromised as they reviewed the materials seized from former president’s Mar-a-Lago resort. The Justice Department believes some of those documents include intelligence gatherings and information derived from **clandestine** human sources among America’s most closely-held secrets. And it comes as a federal judge is indicating she is open to appointing what’s called a special master, that’s a neutral party to examine those materials. A hearing on that is set on Thursday. So, this week is already proving to be a big one. But there are signs tonight that it may be too late as we are learning investigators have already gone through the material.

Tonight, the legal standoff over the documents taken from the property continues, and the former president continues to lash out at the FBI as he faces legal and political uncertainty. FBI investigators and agents reviewing the evidence gathered at former President T’s estate say they found a limited number of documents that could be covered by attorney client privilege. And sources close to T legal teams say that could bolster their push for an outside attorney or special master to be appointed to review the material. But the Florida federal judge overseeing the matter A.C, a T appointee, could also conclude that it is now unnecessary. Tomorrow, the Justice Department has a deadline to respond T’s request for a special master. Today’s filing indicates that they might review that as a necessary. A hearing on that matter will then be held on Thursday in West Palm Beach, Florida. 

:::tip clandestine

- : marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy : SURREPTITIOUS. 秘密的，私下的
  
:::
