---
title: CBS Evening News 07.10.22
date: 2022-07-11 17:17:29
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with new developments from that Jan.6th committee investigating the Capitol attack in what many have called an attack on American democracy. So far, the committee has held six hearings. In this week, we could see the final two. The back-to-back hearings will focus on white nationalism and what former President D.T was doing when the Capitol was under sieged. Today, we’re learning new information following Friday’s close door testimony of former White House counsel P.C. In that eight-hour interviews, committee members say C. revealed new information and backed up what they have heard from other witnesses. And both of those things are going to play central roles in the final two schedules committee hearings later this week. In a statement today, the Jan.6th committee said former White House legal advisor P.C’s interview provided key points regarding D.T’s misconduct, including demonstrating the former President’s supreme dereliction of duty. Today, in Delaware, a bike riding President B interacted with reporters who asked about abortion. The President was also asked if he’s considering using his power to declare public health emergency to protect abortion rights. In an op ed for the Washington Post, the President said he knows a lot of people are against him going Saudi Arabia. But in order to counter Russia and compete with China, the US needs strategic allies like Saudi. He said human rights are and will always be a part of discussion. 
