---
title: CBS Evening News 10.12.22
date: 2022-10-13 18:39:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with breaking news in what is the largest defamation suit payout ever in American history. The landmark verdict awarded the families of those killed in the Sandy Hook massacre. Parents who lost their young children and then faced a decade torment, a small sliver of justice. A Connecticut jury ordered far-right Infowars Host, A.J to pay nearly a billion dollars in damages for spreading lies about the elementary school shooting. The 2012 massacre in Newtown, Connecticut killed twenty children and six adults in the deadliest elementary school shooting in the nation’s history. J has falsely told millions of his radio show listeners that it was staged as part of government plot to confiscate guns, while relatives of the victims allege the conspiracy theorist then profited from those lies. 

This trial which is gone on for a month, has forced the victim’s family members to relive unthinkable trauma. As the verdict was read this afternoon, I was sitting next to several parents who lost their young children. They were all emotional but strong and they tell me this accountability is what they were fighting for. It took six jurors less than three days to come up with a price tag. More than nine hundred and sixty-five million dollars the conspiracy theorist A.J must pay for spreading false claims that the 2012 Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax. J and his company Free Speech System were sued by eight victims’ families and an FBI agent who responded to the shooting that took the lives of twenty students and six staff. Judge B.B had already found Infowars Host liable for defamation. It is unlikely the victims’ families will receive the full payout. All along, A.J’s attorney has said J is not responsible for the actions of his listeners. And in his first trial, J was already ordered to pay fifty million dollars and he still faces his third trial later this year. 
