---
title: CBS Evening News 02.04.22
date: 2022-02-05 18:18:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Former Vice President forcefully going after his former boss, President Trump. Pence rejected Trump’s false claim about the 2020 election saying he had not right to change the outcome of our election. But first, the major winter storm that has battered most of the country this week, is now bearing down on the east coast. Nearly three hundred thousand homes and businesses remain without power tonight as the heavy snow knocked down tree limbs and power lines from Texas to Ohio. Parts of Pennsylvania, New York and New England got more than a foot of snow, while icy roads remain the biggest problem for thousands of travelers. And temperatures are dropping fast for nearly a third of the country. More than one hundred million of Americans will see temperatures in the teens or below by Saturday morning. 

The concern as the rain comes down is that it will ice over, creating slick and dangerous roads. The same system has already brought deadly conditions across half of the country with millions still in its path. Traffic grinding to a halt on interstate 10 after slick and icy roads caused two tractor trailers to jackknife near Kerrville, Texas, killing one person. Drivers were left stranded in frigid temperatures. The massive winter storm stretches from Texas to Maine. The weather is blamed for one death in Tennessee and another in Oklahoma. The National Weather Service confirmed two tornados struck Alabama Thursday, including an EF2 that killed one woman and seriously injured three others. A build-up of ice brought down tree limbs and electrical lines. Nearly three hundred thousand homes and businesses are without power tonight. As the storm moves to the Northeast, Massachusetts state police say they already responded to more than two hundred crashes. In New Hampshire, a box truck went off a snow-covered road on I-93. And in New Jersey, salt trucks were out in full force 	trying to prevent black eyes. The storm is also wreaking havoc on air travel. Nearly four thousand flights have been canceled in the US today on top of the five thousand yesterday. 

:::tip sear

- : to make withered and dry : PARCH. 烤焦，使干枯
  
:::
