---
title: CBS Evening News 05.27.22
date: 2022-05-28 17:09:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is growing outrage tonight after Texas police admit to multiple failures and their response to the school massacre in Uvalde, Texas. Today we learned that the officer in charge at the time of the shooting ordered law enforcement not to enter the classroom where children were being terrorized by a gunman. Those children were repeatedly calling 911 begging for police officers to help while other officers waited nearby. But the commander in charge believed the gunman had barricaded himself and was no longer in active shooting. It was a deadly decision. All this was taken place as desperate parents outside of the school pleaded with the police to intervene. The Texas governor tonight said he was misled about the police response and is **livid**. Now there is an investigation into not only the gunman but how police were responded to the massacre. And of course, for the families of victims, this news is causing even more heart break. 

Well, the governor is livid imagine those parents who learned today that there were nineteen officers outside that classroom. One officer for every child was killed. I heard from three parents today who said they will do whatever it takes for accountability and gun control. Today, a stunning admission. The Director of Texas Department of Safety said the decision to not immediately engage the shooter was deliberate. At one point he said nineteen officers were outside the classroom, not moving on the gunman. Inside, a desperate child repeatedly called 911 pleading them for come in and save them. It’s unclear how many of those eight or nine children survive. Fingers are now being pointed at the school district chief of police whom M said instructed tactical teams from border patrol and ICE to wait nearly forty minutes. The revelation on the failure to act sooner comes after frantic parents stood outside the school during the shooting begging heavily armed officers outside to help as their children were trapped by the gunman. We’re also learning more details on how the gunman got inside. He crashed his car outside just before 11:30 AM and fired into the school. The school resource officer not in school at the time. He would fire more than one hundred rounds from his AR-15 style rifle inside the school. Tonight, Texas governor G.A who earlier praised the police response, changing his tune. 

:::tip livid

- : very angry : ENRAGED 愤怒
  
:::
