---
title: CBS Evening News 09.18.22
date: 2022-09-19 18:48:35
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are following two major stories tonight. The entire island of Utuado in Porto Rico is without electricity after being hit by hurricane Fiona. The damage is devastating. But we begin with world leaders gathering in London for the State Funeral of Queen E the II. Today, President B and the First Lady J.B visited West Minster Hall where the formal monarch is lying in state. Later, he signed a book of condolences. 

Well, the final touches are being put on the Queen’s State Funeral as Great Britain and the world continued to mourn the late monarch. At the stroke of eight, a moment of silence in memory of the Queen. As millions across Britain paused to reflect on the only monarch most had ever know upon till her death. At Buckingham Palace, King C and C, the Queen Consort hosted a state reception like no other before it. Hundreds of dignitaries from around the worlds including President B along with other Presidents, Prime Ministers, Emperors, Kings, Queens and Sultans representing nearly two hundred countries and territories gathered to honor the Queen. While mourners continue to line up for hours to see the late monarch’s coffin in the West Minster Hall. The last viewing will be by 6:30 in the morning on Monday, the day of her State Funeral. Hundreds of soldiers have already taken part in funeral, rehearsals in what’s expected to be a **regal** and yet deeply personal memorial. As many as two million people can fill the streets of London to watch the procession and ten thousand police officers will take part in one of the largest ever security operations Britain has ever organized. In a moving tribute to the Queen, C, the Queen Consort praised the Queen E the II. 

:::tip regal

- : of notable excellence or magnificence : SPLENDID 豪华的
  
:::
