---
title: CBS Evening News 11.29.22
date: 2022-11-30 19:51:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news out of the south where we’ve learned several tornadoes have touched down and nearly twenty million Americans remain in the path of severe weather. Plus, tonight, after that major victory for the US men’s soccer team. We are getting new details of conditions of star player C.P, who was taken to the hospital after the game. We’ll have more on that in just a moment. But first we want to begin with that breaking news right here in Washington. A federal jury found Oath Keepers founder S.R guilty of seditious conspiracy. R was convicted for his part in the violent January 6th assault on the Capitol and his failed plot to overturn the 2020 election. K.M, another member of far-right group was also found guilty of seditious conspiracy. Three other co-defendants were acquitted of seditious conspiracy but found guilty of other crimes related the attack on the Capitol. R and M face up to twenty years in prison. 

It was a marathon of two-month trial, ended with three days of jury deliberations and the jury convicting the highest profile of nine hundred Capitol riot defendants so far. Late today, the jury delivered the stunning verdict, finding S.R, the founder of the far-right Oath Keepers, and his co-defendant, K.M in Florida, guilty of the rare charge of seditious conspiracy, plotting to block the peaceful transfer of power in Jan.6th, each now facing up to twenty years in prison on the seditious conspiracy charge alone. During two months testimony and presentations, prosecutors show messages and images of the group hatching a plan to equip themselves with tactical gear to stage guns outside the Washington DC city limits to mobilize if then President T invoked the Insurrection Act. In one message displayed at trial, R said shortly after 2020 election, “We aren’t getting through this without a fight”. The Justice Department also argued that five defendants helped arrange a military stack formation to breach the Capitol amid the mob. R, the highest profile figure to face trial in connection with the attack, took stand in his own defense at trial, where he continued to argue the 2020 election was unconstitutional and that the group was equipped only to protect themselves against left-wing agitators. The other three defendants were found not guilty on the seditious conspiracy charge but were convicted of other federal counts including obstructing an official proceeding.
