---
title: CBS Evening News 02.20.22
date: 2022-02-21 16:40:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Americans in Russia are being urged to have an evacuation plan out of country. The US Embassy warns that the threat of attacks in public places including Moscow ??? and along Russian border with Ukraine. That’s where the Kremlin has amassed a massive military force and advanced of an expected invasion on its former Soviet neighbor. CBSN has also learned that Russian commanders have received their orders to attack and they’re getting ready to battle. Today, Russian military exercises in Belarus near Ukraine’s north border were scheduled to end, but now they have been extended. And late today, President B held an emergency meeting with his national security council at the White House. At the nearby Lincoln Memorial, Ukrainian Americans rallied in solidarity with families and friends back home. Many of them demand V.P. facing punishing sanctions now before his aggression.

President B has spoken briefly with French President E.M. following a meeting with his national security team. The administration is still hoping for a diplomatic off-ramp??? Warning Russia could pay a stiff price if it chooses war. President B convened his national security team behind closed door at the White House to discuss the escalating crisis between Ukraine and Russia. Secretary of State A.B. is not ruling out a last effort on diplomacy. Russia continues to buildup in Ukrainian border, amassing as many as one hundred and ninety thousand troops and extending military drills with neighboring Belarus. An US Official also paper??? CBSN intelligence shows Russian units have received orders to proceed with an invasion. Ukrainian President V.Z. wants sanctions impose now. But the B administration reiterated it will likely hold off till Russia invades.
