---
title: CBS Evening News 10.15.22
date: 2022-10-16 19:01:50
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B wrapped up a campaign push across the west aimed at delivering votes for Democrats with critical midterms twenty-three days away. Tonight, Mr. B stumped in Portland with control of Congress and the future of his agenda at stake. It was the last stop on a four-day swing through Oregon, California and Colorado. 

Well, the President is doing everything he can to boost his party’s bid to keep control on Capitol Hill, looking to lock up key votes in key areas where his approval rating is up. President B wrapped up his West Coast swing with a final stop in Oregon, touting his legislative victories, including the Inflation Reduction Act. Mr. B’s trip caps a four-day stretch where he keyed in on his administration work so far as the clock ticks, the Midterm Elections a few weeks away and power on Capitol Hill hanging in the ballots. In contrast, President T and O racked up with thousands of miles, crisscrossing the country, making their final cases to voters ahead of the midterms. And in states where races at the top of tickets are highly contested, some say a B’s presence, based on his approval rating, could make or break the outcome. Now, voters will see former President O along the campaign trail. He’s expected to stump in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Georgia at the end of the month. We’ll also see former President T hit the road as well on behalf the GOP.

Georgia is home to one of the most competitive Senate races. 
