---
title: CBS Evening News 12.25.22
date: 2022-12-26 20:44:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s been a white Christmas for many Americans with plenty of weather misery to go with it. It’s a disaster in Buffalo, New York. Nationwide, the mammoth storm is blamed for at least thirty-three deaths and hundreds of power outages. It’s also still causing nightmares for travelers in highways and airports. 

At airports across the country, more than twenty-three hundred flights have been canceled with thousands more delayed, the airport in Buffalo, New York is still shut as until at least Tuesday. Christmas in Buffalo, a ghost town, frigid temperatures and fierce winds have trapped people in their homes and car under six feet snow drifts. New York’s governor deployed four hundred members of the National Guards calling it a storm for the ages. Governor H says nearly every fire truck in the city was stranded at one point. Emergency services paralyzed for reaching hardest hit areas. Thirty miles outside Buffalo, up to two hundred people spent Christmas Eve stranded at this Denny’s. It’s a storm so massive and dangerous, about sixty percent of Americans have felt its fury, suffering temperatures far below normal. South Dakota deployed National Guard to assist native American tribes cut off by massive snow falls. Texas went into deep freeze, this car wash now a curtain of icicles. Migrants along southern border try to escape the cold, welcoming the holiday in candle light. Even Miami saw some man-made flurries. The nation’s busiest airport in Atlanta has taken the brunt of Christmas flight problems with the most delays and cancellations. 
