---
title: CBS Evening News 07.14.22
date: 2022-07-15 19:10:37
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
One week from now, the Jan.6th committee will hold a prime time hearing with what lawmakers promise will include never-before-seen evidence they say prove D.T’s **culpability** in the assault on the US Capitol and explained what he was doing for three hours as the symbol of democracy was ransacked. Tonight, we have new reporting on which witness the former President allegedly tried to call, raising questions about witness tampering. And just as the investigation is zeroing on D.T himself, he is trying to distract by letting it be known that he's made a decision about whether or not he’ll run for the White House again in 2024. And there is this bombshell we are just learning about. Members of the secret service erased messages from Jan.5th and Jan.6th that’s according to the Department of Homeland Security. 

As the committee sets its sights on the next phase of investigation, what it calls dereliction of duty by former President T, they’re accusing T of interfering with the investigation. Even as T talks about big announcement on his own. With revelations from the Jan.6th committee frustrating D.T, the former President is accused of tampering with a potential witness. CBSN has confirmed that individual who was sharing information with the committee was a White House employee. The individual didn’t take the call and was concerned, given he or she didn’t routinely communicate with Mr. T. The committee says the call came soon after the blockbuster hearing featuring former T White House aide C.H in which H testified T wanted to join the mob at the Capitol Jan.6th. The individual T called was potentially prepared to cooperate parts of H’s testimony. It’s the latest in a series of accusations of possible witness tampering. The committee says it’s still interested in hearing from former T White House advisor S.B. In a newly released audio from just before election day in 2020, B is heard predicting T	would claim victory no matter what. 

:::tip culpability

- : responsibility for wrongdoing or failure : the quality or state of being culpable 有罪
  
:::
