---
title: CBS Evening News 08.13.22
date: 2022-08-14 20:16:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we have new reporting on the government documents seized from former president D.T’s residence at Mar-A-Lago. CBSN has learned a lawyer of T certified in writing that all classified materials had been removed from Mar-A-Lago after a June 3rd meeting with Justice Department officials. But this summer, individuals familiar with where and how those wayward documents were being stored told investigators about their existing at the private residence. Democrats on Capitol Hill now want a classified briefing from the Director of National Intelligence. 

This sounds like something out of a spy novel. The Espionage Act, basically outlaws holding onto national security information that could potentially harm the US or help foreign adversaries without authorization and this investigation is unprecedented. CBSN has learned that one of former president T’s lawyers confirmed in writing in June that all classified documents had been removed from Mar-A-Lago. Yet a newly unsealed warrant reveals FBI agents removed twenty plus boxes and binders including eleven sets of highly classified documents, some marked top secrets and some only meant to be viewed in secure government areas. The warrant also revealed the FBI is investigating the former President for potentially violating the Espionage Act, mishandling classified documents and obstruction of justice. On Friday, T posted on social media, suggesting the documents were all declassified, saying the FBI “didn’t need to seize anything, they could have anytime they want it without playing politics and breaking into Mar-a-Lago”. Senate Judiciary Committee ranking C.G says the **affidavit** used to obtained the warrant should be released. The affidavit is going to give us a closer look at the larger investigation. And if convicted, each violation of the Espionage Act is actually punishable by up to ten years in prison. 

:::tip affidavit

- : a sworn statement in writing made especially under oath or on affirmation (see AFFIRMATION sense 2) before an authorized magistrate or officer 宣誓书
  
:::
