---
title: CBS Evening News 08.22.22
date: 2022-08-23 20:16:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, millions of Americans in the southwest are under flood warnings after monsoon rain drenched communities across parts of six states, North Texas getting the worst of it. The Dallas area suffering from a-month-long drought was pummeled for the nine-inches. That’s the second heaviest rainfall in the city’s history. It was the equivalent of a summer worth of rain in one twenty-four period. Flood waters rushed through streets submerging vehicles. And we’re learning tonight a woman swept off a bridge and has died. Well, flood waters create nightmare on the ground, airlines are severely impacted with more than seven thousand flights in the US delayed or canceled. More than half of all the flights at Dallas airport today have been delayed. 

That rain fell overnight into today and it prompted flush flooding like you could see right here. Late today, emergency crews rescue families with children in heavily flooded Seagoville, Texas while rains and flash floodings submerge houses, cars and even trapping drivers in and around Dallas. Dallas fire rescuers responded to close two hundred vehicle-rescues in just twenty-four hours. Just a few weeks ago, triple digit temperatures and drought conditions were baking north Texas, drying up the trinity??? River in Dallas. But overnight, rain pounded the area filling up the river base. Out west in Utah Zion National Park, torrential rains turned hiking path treacherous, putting park goers at risk. Dallas county just declared this area a disaster. Now the flood waters are starting to recede, that’s good news.
