---
title: CBS Evening News 05.29.22
date: 2022-05-30 17:11:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
For the second time in less than two weeks, President B and the First Lady are consoling communities gutted by gun violence. The ??? all too familiar Mr. and Dr. B met with grieving relatives, listening to their sorrow and anger. This comes as federal government launches a review of the ??? police response to the shooting. 

Thousands of people waited in line in ninety-nine-degree heat to pay their respect to this memorial. They also want accountability for law enforcement and lawmakers. President B and the First Lady brough flowers at Robb Elementary in Uvalde, Texas, the site of the second deadliest elementary school shooting in US history. At memorial, Dr. J.B was seen landed her hands on the pictures of the children that were murdered. From there, the Bs attended mass??? With the crowd gathered outside urged the President to do something. The first family’s visit comes as the Department of Justice announced a review of the police response to the shooting that killed two teachers and nineteen children. The review will provide independent account of law enforcement actions during the massacre. Parents in this community are demanding after they learned that as many as nineteen officers including a federal tactical team waited outside the classrooms for more than forty minutes before confronting and killing the shooter. Several funerals for the twenty-one victims will have later on this week, but residents here say, it’ll take much longer to heal. 

Meanwhile, gun violence continues this weekend, four cities suffered mass shooting Saturday along, killing at least two people, injuring dozen.
