---
title: CBS Evening News 08.23.22
date: 2022-08-24 19:12:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are learning new information about the FBI search at former president’s Mar-a-Largo estate, giving us a glimpse of what kind of classified materials were allegedly kept for the 54th president’s Florida home. CBSN has previously reported that classified documents were found in boxes that National Archives got back in January. But the T team shared a letter from the archivists that has new details. Inside those fifteen boxes were documents marked as classified national security information including the highest level of classification. And some known as special access per materials. That means T took Florida, some of the most highly classified secrets in the government. 

Stunning new details tonight from the National Archives about highly classified materials in former president T’s position now coming to light in an official document for the first time. A newly reviewed letter from National Archives to D.T’s legal team details the alarm inside federal agency about T’s possession of highly classified material. Specifically, among the boxes, T took with him to his Mar-a-Lago estate were over one hundred documents with classification markings, comprising more than seven hundred pages, some up to top secret. So far, US officials tell CBSN that the Justice Department has retrieved one hundred and fifty classified documents from the boxes T handed over to the National Archives earlier this year. And the New York Times reports that since federal agents reengage with T’s legal team this summer and then searched his home, that number has climbed to more than three hundred, containing documents from the CIA, the National Security Agency and the FBI. T, who is considering 2024 presidential run continues to attack the probe. 
