---
title: CBS Evening News 02.08.22
date: 2022-02-09 18:08:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there’s more states that are planning to roll back mask restrictions. The governor of New York is expected tomorrow to repeal the indoor mask mandate for businesses and she could allow schools to do the same by the end of the month if cases continue to drop. It’s too soon to say if America is at a turning point, but two years from the start of the pandemic there is growing recognition that we’re in the endemic stage. And that means learning to live with the Sars Covid Ⅱvirus. According to the latest data, the daily average number of new cases is down nearly seventy percent nationwide in less than a month, so cases are falling. The CDC says the B administration is preparing to rollout ten million mini vaccine doses for children as young as six-month-old. The first round of shipment could arrive by Monday, February 21st.

New York could join the list states rolling back mask mandates tomorrow, as governor C.H. is expected to make announcement for businesses. She told education leaders today, she is not ready to do the same for schools yet, but that could come in just a few weeks. With only about forty percent of five to seventeen years old full vaccinated. The CDC still recommends indoor masking in schools, regardless vaccination status. In New Jersey, Delaware, Connecticut and Oregon have all announced plans to lift mandates. California will still require masking in schools, but will remove the requirement for vaccinated individuals in indoor public spaces, starting next week. Nationwide, cases are about seventy percent lower than January’s peak, but weekly cases among children still one hundred thousand, a four hundred percent higher than this time last year. Pandemic fatigue and frustration isn’t just impacting schools, it’s in hospitals too. Now Pfizer’s CEO says that he thinks the FDA could fast truck vaccine authorization for children under the age of five, the data is expected on Friday and the FDA advisor committee is set to meet next week about the shots. 
