---
title: CBS Evening News 01.13.22
date: 2022-01-14 19:00:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We start tonight with some very significant decisions by the US supreme court. A mix of parrel rulings that will directly impact nearly one hundred million Americans. The court’s conservative majority says the B administration does not have the authority to impose a vaccine or test rule on private companies. But it does have the abilities to mandate Covid shots for most health workers. President B says he was disappointed by the decision to quote “Blocked commonsense requirements for large businesses”. But then keeping the rule for doctors, nurses and others who working settings that receive federal aid will save lives. The decision comes as the US facing a surge of new cases and record hospitalizations. And as we come on the air, nearly sixty-three percent of Americans are fully vaccinated. 

Tonight, a blow to the B administration as Covid cases **careen** out of control across the US. The supreme court blocking President’s plan to require employees at large companies to be vaccinated or test weekly for Covid. But the court is allowing the mandate for healthcare workers. This comes as the President called in military today to help overwhelmed hospitals in six states survive the surge. Today marked the highest seven-day average for hospitalization since the pandemic began. And in New Jersey hospitalizations are up more than three hundred and twenty percent, compare to this time last month. And University Hospital in Newark more than three hundred workers are out while patients continue to stream in nearly half are infected with Covid, seventeen of them are on ventilators. One out of every five hospitals has critical staff shortage nationwide. And six states reported ICU capacity of less ten percent. 

:::tip careen

- : to cause to heel over. 侧翻
  
:::

:::tip sedition

- : incitement of resistance to or insurrection against lawful authority. 煽动性的言论或行为
  
:::
