---
title: CBS Evening News 08.31.22
date: 2022-09-01 18:39:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight with that extraordinary just before midnight filing from the Justice Department where the government laid out its investigation in far more detail than ever before. The document has thirty-six pages long with eighteen additional pages of attachments and includes this photo at the end of the filing, the final page showing several classified secrets and top-secret documents. One noteworthy point, none of the folders bear label or stamp indicating they have been declassified as T or his representatives have claimed. The Justice Department says even some of the FBI personnel and DOJ prosecutors on the case needed to get extra clearances to review some of that material. Now, in this filing, the government lays out an important timeline saying it tried to get these documents without a search warrant multiple times. They alleged D.T has pushed a quote” incomplete and inaccurate narrative” in the recent court filings, and that’s why we’re getting this new information. 

There are certainly many new details here, stunning in how it shines a bright light in what was inside T’s home. And it gives us a new look into the scope of this high-profile investigation. The explosive legal document revealed for the first time ever photo evidence of some of the alleged highly classified documents seized from former President T’s Florida home. The redacted FBI photograph shows classified cover sheets, some with HCS marking, that refers to the intelligence derived from covert human sources. Some of the documents were found in T’s so called forty-five office at Mar-a-Lago, a location considered vulnerable by intelligence officials. The Justice Department has also laid out a case of possible obstruction of the probe by T and his lawyers, asserting they had evidence that government records were likely concealed and removed from the storage room and that efforts were likely taken to obstruct the government’s investigation. Back on June 3rd, 2 months before the search of Mar-a-Lago. T’s legal team told Justice Department officials that all sensitive documents have been returned. Responding today, T slammed the FBI’s handling of the search and claimed he declassified documents at his home. But in its filing, the government stated that T’s lawyer never asserted that T had declassified the documents or asserted any claim of executive privilege. 
