---
title: CBS Evening News 09.29.22
date: 2022-09-30 19:08:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air tonight, Ian has regained hurricane strength as it moves into the Atlantic taking aim at Georgia and the Carolinas. But what had left behind here in Florida is unimaginable in scale and historic in reach. The President saying tonight this could be the deadliest hurricane in Florida’s history. We witnessed the trail of destruction this category four storm left. Florida governor R.D said today this is a once in five-hundred-year flooding event. The hurricane forced winds and record storm surge cost widespread damage to entire communities in cities, washing away roads and bridges and knocking out power to millions. Tonight, more than 2.6 million customers are without electricity and officials are warning this could be days or even weeks before power is full restored. Tonight, the states of Georgia, the Carolinas and Virginia were all have to declare a state of emergency ahead of Ian’s expected landfall tomorrow. We have team coverage tonight all throughout Florida and beyond. 

As daylight probe, the path of destruction left behind by Hurricane Ian was devastating. Block by block, Fort Myers beach looks like a was hit by a bomb. Only small pieces of debris remain where homes and businesses once stood. Ian came at shore as a category four hurricane. The storm surge was so powerful in Naples, it’s swept homes from their foundations. The destruction was just as overwhelming in Lee County where many roads are impassable and entire neighborhoods sit underwater. Today, governor R.D called the damage on some of the barrier islands biblical. President B is now planning a trip to the disaster area to thank responders. Folks in this area describing Ian as someone beating on their eardrums nine hours as they watched their neighbors’ homes being torn apart.
