---
title: CBS Evening News 10.19.22
date: 2022-10-20 20:15:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’ll get to that breaking news about those guns found near the Supreme Court and the arrest in just a minute. But we do want to begin overseas amid Russia’s failing invasion. The Kremlin continues to target Ukraine’s infrastructure including power plants and the nation’s water supply as winter cold sets in. As Russian troops suffered setbacks on the battlefield. President V.P is tightening his grip by declaring martial law on four regions claimed by Moscow. Well, tonight we are seeing massive evacuations in the southern city of Kherson, with up to sixty thousand being moved out of the city while the Ukrainian counteroffensive closer every day. And then there is this breaking news. The US charges five Russia nationals with evading sanctions. The Justice Department saying they purchased sensitive military technology and shipped those materials to Russian buyers. Some of those electronics have been found in Russia weapons found on the battlefield in Ukraine. 

V.P’s announcement of martial law today could be a sign that his invading army has run into serious problems. Today, in Kherson, one of the regions occupied by Russia, the authorities installed by Moscow started moving tens of thousands of people away from the frontline ahead of expected Ukrainian counteroffensive. The Russian general in charge of the invasion admitted the situation is tense, as Russian troops battled to hold onto land they have seized. Ukraine’s military has made stunning progress in recent weeks, reclaiming swathes of territory from Russian forces. Russia retaliated with swarms of so-called suicide drones and attacks on the power grid as a harsh winter looms. But Ukrainians have responded with stunning resilience. Ukraine has repeatedly made a formal request to Israel to provide it with new air defense systems including Iron Dome. But Israel consistently said that it won’t give weapons to Ukraine.
