---
title: CBS Evening News 10.02.22
date: 2022-10-03 18:43:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with Hurricane Ian’s deadly aftermath. Officials now say as many as eighty-four people were killed in Florida and the Carolinas, at least forty-two in Lee County in Florida home to the city of Fort Myers. Well, this weekend some home owners returned peek through their destroyed homes as the National Guard began the long work of cleaning away the debris. Official said it could be months before power is fully restored to the state. Right now, nearly one million customers are without power. 

There are seaside communities that look like a bomb went off. 	And for many people these destroyed boats were not only how they earned a living, but also where they lived. As one man told us today, out of the stages of grief, the one he’s in right now is shock. In some areas, not a single boat, home or structure was untouched by Ian. In fact, here on San Carlos Island entire neighborhoods were destroyed. In nearby Fort Myers, residents face long lines for gas and gridlock trying to get back to their homes to survey the damage. Sanibel Island was also devasted. 

The National Hurricane Center is tracking systems that could develop into tropical storms. The first, by the Cape Verde Islands will track north but the second will move to the west and to the Caribbean by midweek. Well, today, the heads of nine NATO members backed to path membership for Ukraine to join the Western alliance. It comes on the heels of another major victory for Ukrainian forces. 

