---
title: CBS Evening News 03.16.22
date: 2022-03-17 18:04:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The war in Ukraine has entered its fourth week with the attacks on civilians like we haven’t seen before. In an historic and emotional speech to Congress, President Z begged for the United States to do more. The former comedian has risen to this moment in history. As Economist wrote today, a man who used to entertain the nation has become its voice. He cited Pearl Harbor and the September 11th attacks in his appeal to members of Congress. And he played this heartbreaking video of Ukraine and its people before and after the Russian invasion, showing the brutality of the airstrikes on civilian targets. For the first time today, B called V.P. a war criminal. Z asked again for a no-fly zone and while President B stopped short of that, he did pledge eight hundred million dollars in military aid.

President Z thanked the US for all the support it is already provided, but he also made clear it is not enough. President B praised the passionate speech as convincing and significant before offering a reality check about what the US is ready to deliver. An extraordinary sight today as Ukrainian President V.Z. fighting for his country’s survival received a standing **ovation** from members of Congress. Z begged for help, closing off P’s main pathway to inflicting pain, the sky. Most lawmakers agreed with President B that a no-fly zone is too dangerous, there is growing call to send more fighter jets which the administration has also called risky. In his response, President B didn’t bring up a no-fly zone, or warplanes, but announced additional eight hundred million dollars in military aid. The package includes US made killer drone as known as switchblades that can target Russian tanks from miles away, plus eight hundred antiaircraft and nine thousand antiarmor systems. Twenty-five thousand body arm and helmets and twenty million rounds in ammunition. In his final plea, Z addressed President B in English. Today marked the first time President B used the phrase war criminal to describe P, Press Secretary J.P. said the President was speaking from his heart.

:::tip ovation

- : an expression or demonstration of popular acclaim especially by enthusiastic applause. 热烈鼓掌
  
:::
