---
title: CBS Evening News 11.22.22
date: 2022-11-23 18:37:24
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re learning new details about the deadly shooting at a gay nightclub in Colorado Springs. Tonight, we are hearing from people who were inside the club when the gunman opened fire, killing five and injuring eighteen others. For the first time, a retired army major, R.F is speaking out. He has been held as a hero after tackling the gunman and holding him until the police arrive. President B called F to thank him for his brave and his instinct to act. F wasn’t the only hero. Another patriot kicked the gunman in the head. We’re learning more about the condition about the suspect, A.L. The twenty-two-year-old was allegedly not cooperating with police. 

Five lives loss but tonight, so many more saved thanks to that army veteran who told us his story. How it was simply instinct for him to put himself in harm’s way for the safety of others. R.F never expected a warzone would following home. The army veteran awarded bronze stars was at Club Q with his wife, daughter and her boyfriend when the gunman started firing. F says he grab the suspect by his body armor and throw to the ground. It was too late to save his daughter’s boyfriend R.G, among the five people who died. As the community comes in terms of the tragedy, new details on twenty-two-year-old suspect A.L. Authorities say tonight, he is out of the hospital and in the county jail. He was known as N.B until age fifteen he changed his name. Washington Post reports the action came after he’d been viciously bullied online. A was arrested for alleged bomb threat last year but never prosecute. Two days from Thanksgiving, there is profound sadness in Colorado Springs. The time for families to come together for Thanksgiving, many here torn apart. The suspect in this case will make his first appearance tomorrow morning.
