---
title: CBS Evening News 07.21.22
date: 2022-07-22 21:31:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B has now joined many of us who have tested positive for Covid-19 and is now forced to work from home. Of course, that home is the White House and it is equipped by a full medical staff and team. The President tweeted out a photo and video since diagnosed. He just returned from the Middle East and Massachusetts on Wednesday where he came in contact with several members of Congress. The First Lady and Vice President K.H are also considered close contacts. As of now, neither of them has tested positive. More than two years into the pandemic, cases are once again on the rise. Health officials are blaming the BA-5 Omicron subvariant. New cases are up more than twenty-seven percent in the last month alone. 

White House protocols helped to protect the President from contracting Covid for more than two years. But now he has joined the estimated two hundred million Americans who have been infected with this virus. Speaking from a White House balcony, a slightly congested President B said he is feeling well enough to keep working in isolation. In a letter, Dr. M said Mr. B tested positive for Covid during a routine screening this morning and has developed mild symptoms including a running nose, fatigue and occasional dry cough. The President was promptly prescribed a five-day course of Paxlovid, an antiviral drug that dramatically reduces the risk of severe Covid. Visiting school in Detroit, the First Lady immediately slipped on mask. Contact tracing has begun. The President spent time yesterday with three Senators and the governor of Rhode Island. On Tuesday, he welcomed Ukraine’s First Lady to the White House. Test will confirm whether the seventy-nine-old President was infected by the highly contagious BA-5 subvariant which is now responsible for nearly eighty percent of all US cases. The number of daily cases has nearly tripled in the past three months. And hospitalizations are up twenty percent just in the past two weeks. 
