---
title: CBS Evening News 11.30.22
date: 2022-12-01 18:27:38
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, residents across the south are picking up the pieces after a line of deadly storms swept across three states. A mother and son died in their home when a tree fell overnight. The damage is devastating. Homes and buildings were left in ruins. Entire neighborhoods have been leveled with buildings ripped from their foundations and trees toppled by the high winds. Heavy machineries have been brought to clear the debris, and power is still out to thousands of customers. There were reports of two dozen tornadoes throughout Alabama, Louisianan and Mississippi. So far, at least seven have been confirmed.  And in Alabama, the Montgomery County sheriff officer described the damage in the flat wood community has total destruction. 

The National Weather Service says it was a category EF-2 tornado with winds about a hundred fifteen miles per hour that struck this neighborhood. You can see what it did to this community center, it is destroyed. This is also where a woman and her eight-year-old son were killed in the storm. Daylight brought a harsh reality across the southeast. As overnight storms in multiple states spawned damaging tornadoes and torrential rains. Mississippi and Alabama took the brunt with a small community of flat wood, just north Montgomery, Alabama, taking a direct hit. This is where two people were killed when a tree fell on their home just after 3AM in total darkness. In hard hit Lowndes County, Mississippi, a twister turned homes into piles of debris. And left local fire station beyond repair. The National Weather Service said the damage roots blown away, toppled trees and metal bent in half is consistent with an at least EF-2 tornado. While in Eutaw, Alabama, the roof at this apartment was ripped off. And the oak tree fell through this church, no one was injured. Severe weather systems like this are coming more common during winter months. Possibly, according to the National Weather Service, because of more moisture from a warming Gulf of Mexico. Deputies say they have conducted a search of other homes in this affected area, and everyone is accounted for. 
