---
title: CBS Evening News 05.07.22
date: 2022-05-08 18:55:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, both Ukraine and Russia say all women, children and the elderly who were seeking shelter at a steel plant in Mariupol who been evacuated. It’s been under siege for weeks. Today, in the west, the city of Odessa came under new Russian fire, hit by at least six missiles and Ukraine says this video shows its drones firing on the flagship of Russia’s fleet in the Black Sea in April. The ship later sank.

Ukraine is bracing for an increased attacks between now and Monday, which is when Russia celebrates its Victory of Nazi Germany in 1945. The officials have warned residents to heed aired sirens, saying this day is like a red flag to a bull for Russia. In the sky above Moscow, fighter jets were heard fly in a ‘Z’ formation, touting victory in Ukraine. But in the country they invaded, it’s ridiculed. The bodies of Russian soldiers killed on the battlefield in Kharkiv, arranged in a mocking ‘Z’. V.P’s war is not going to plan. In Mariupol, astoundingly the city defenders still barricaded in the steel mill, refusing to surrender. Women, children and the elderly have all now been evacuated from the plant. Not only does P have little show for more than two months of fighting, he stands accused of war crimes, to date, nearly ten thousand. Street by street, A.C and his team use drones to film shattered homes, 3D animations are created to identify structural damage, proof of Russian troops targeting residential neighborhoods. We don’t know how many Ukrainian soldiers are hold up in that steel plant, some are injured but they have held on firm. And now Ukraine’s President V.Z has said he is working on a diplomatic solution to get them all out. But with Monday’s Victory Day fast approaching, the Russian military may push harder to secure victory for their President V.P.
