---
title: CBS Evening News 01.16.22
date: 2022-01-18 17:46:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with a dangerous storm impacting eighty million Americans. Tonight, it is sweeping across the Southeast and heading North. These icy roads you’re about to see are near Charlotte, North Carolina. Snowplows are out there, and cars are spinning out. Tens of thousands have lost power. 

President B called the hostage standoff at a Texas synagogue this weekend “an act of terror”. Mr. B said the hostage taker came to this country just a few weeks ago and bought a gun right away. 
The suspect is a British citizen who came to the US about two weeks ago, landing at New York’s JFK airport. And sources are telling CBSN he was able to get inside of this synagogue by claiming he was homeless. Saturday morning worship at Congregation Beth Israel was interrupted when a man started screaming in the sanctuary. The Shabbat service was being live streamed. Armed with a gun and claiming he had bombs, FBI investigators say forty-four years old M.F.A., a British citizen took four people hostage. On the live stream, an angry-sounding man keep could be heard talking with negotiators demanding to speak with A.S., she’s in federal prison in Texas convicted attempting to murder US Forces in Afghanistan. She was suspected of having ties Al-Qaeda. Formed in 1983, the FBI hostage rescue team has responded to eight hundred high risk situations around the world. On that live stream, M.F.A telling his mother that he planned to shoot at law enforcement when they came in and he was expected to killed. 

:::tip generosity

- : the quality or fact of being generous. 慷慨，宽容，大方
  
:::

:::tip unconscionable

- : shockingly unfair or unjust. 不合理的，不公平的
  
:::
