---
title: CBS Evening News 03.12.22
date: 2022-03-13 19:56:55
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Russia is warning United States that it would fire on weapon shipments to Ukraine rising the risk of direct confrontation between Moscow and the NATO country. Today, Russian forces expanded their attacks, including strikes around Kiev, fierce Ukrainian resistance has made the fight, a slog. This is a new video from Southern city of Mariupol, eight and other cities are being pounded with punishing and destructive shelling and airstrikes. This as the humanitarian situation deteriorates with critical supplies in some places **scarce**. With the war now entered third week, casualties are adding up, so are Russia’s gains on the ground across Ukraine. 

In here the crucial port of Odessa, the city is bracing for a fight as Ukrainian President accuses Moscow of waging a war of nihilation. A war that once seemed unthinkable is now advancing funeral by funeral. Mothers and wives clutched the hand of these soldiers fallen of defending a country their invaders say does not exist. Invaders killed even more civilians than soldiers say Ukraine as indiscriminate shelling rages across the country slamming into a cancer hospital, homes and families in strategic port city of Mykolaiv. Among those spared these women and children must **cram** beneath a **derelict** market inside a basement turned bomb shelter. Two weeks ago, they were playing hide and seek, now they are hiding from banned cluster bomb says the mayor. In this information war, Russia has released its own footage showing the moment it captured the airfield outside of Kiev. Now, Russian forces are advancing toward Odessa, the country’s last major coastal stronghold and it’s bracing for a fight, fortifying their city, their symbols and their spirits.

:::tip scarce

- : deficient in quantity or number compared with the demand : not plentiful or abundant. 缺乏
  
:::

:::tip cram

- : to pack tight : JAM. 挤满
  
:::

:::tip derelict

- : abandoned especially by the owner or occupant. 废弃的
  
:::
