---
title: CBS Evening News 06.09.22
date: 2022-06-11 19:29:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s an historic evening here in Washington. The first prime-time hearing for the committee investigating January 6th attack. Congressional aids tell us we’ll see new evidence tonight that shows the assault on the US Capital was coordinated and planned effort to overturn the results of the 2020 Presidential Election. And that former President Donald Trump was at the center of it all. Tonight’s hearing is the first of several planned public hearings that will layout the results of a nearly yearlong investigation including more than one thousand interviews and more than one hundred and forty thousand documents. The stunning images from that day will forever marked the darkest days of American democracy. At least five police officers dead as a result of the attack, and more than one hundred and forty police officers were injured. The criminal investigation has spanned nearly all fifty states with more than eight hundred people charged for their alleged roles in the attack. 

Tonight, the select committee will unveil some of its findings after a nearly a yearlong investigation. Chairman B.T stating at the **outset** that what happened on January 6th can be swapped under the rug, warning the conspiracy to thwart the will of the people is not over. The physical and mental scars of fighting back the mob on January 6th still persist. 

:::tip outset

- : BEGINNING, START 开始，起始
  
:::
