---
title: CBS Evening News 09.11.12
date: 2022-09-12 19:29:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Queen E the II’s final journey begins after her coffin was driven through the Scottish countryside from her summer home at Balmoral Castel to Hollyrudehouse Palace to Edinburgh. Tens of thousand of mourners lined the roads to pay their respects to their beloved Queen, the longest serving monarch in British history. The Queen’s state funeral will take place next Monday will be the first in United Kingdom in more than half a century, when Winston Churchill was given the honor in 1965. As proclamation events were held across the kingdom, we were here at Buckingham Palace when King Charles the III arrived and appeared to become emotional as he was greeted by the public. 

President B confirmed today he would attend Queen E’s funeral. Meanwhile, here at Scotland the elaborate prelude has begun. The Queen’s hearse left Balmoral, her private country estate, at 10:00 this morning. The coffin, draped in the Scottish Standard flag and bearing a wreath that included white weather and sweet peas, one of her favorites. The procession wound its way through the Scottish countryside. Well-wishers lining the route on horseback and even in tractors to say goodbye. Meanwhile, in the Scottish capital Edinburgh, preparations were underway for the proclamation to officially recognize her son as the new King in Scotland. By late afternoon, crowds packed the street of the capital to pay their respects to E. She will spend two nights here, among people connected to her as their sovereign and their countrywoman. Queen E was descended from Scottish Kings. Tomorrow afternoon, the Queen’s body will be brought to St. Giles Cathedral behind me for a religious service and also to allow members of the public to file past the coffin.
