---
title: CBS Evening 05.10.22
date: 2022-05-11 18:49:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B is fighting back against criticism that his administration is not doing enough to fight inflation. As Americans struggle with rising prices on everything from groceries to diapers. A few items are taking a bigger bite out of family budget than record high gas prices. The national average of regular gas hit an all-time high today at $4.37 per gallon. And while gas prices are up, stocks have been down. The DOW finished in the red for the fourth straight day ending the session at its lowest point in over a year. All three indexes are down more than double digits on the year with the NASDAQ off more than twenty four percent. With rising prices hurting your wallet and stocks hitting your 401K, inflation is taking center stage six months ahead of the midterms.

The President today put much of the blame for inflation on the pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. And as voters are holding the President accountable, he says it’s time for Republicans to help come up with a plan. With gas prices spiking again, President B argued he’s doing everything he can to ease the pain for consumers. His comments came as gas prices hit a new record high, jumping seventeen cents in a week, causing sticker shock nationwide. The President pointed to what he has already done to bring down gas prices, releasing millions of barrels of oil from strategic petroleum reserve and allowing the sale of cheaper, higher emission gas this summer. With soaring prices threatening Democrats chances this fall, Mr. B is drawing sharper contrast with Republicans and tying them closer to former President D.T. Tonight, one option the President says he is considering the lower prices, ending tariffs on imported Chinese goods that were put in place by former President T. This is another monthly inflation report, tomorrow could show a big rise in prices.
