---
title: CBS Evening News 05.21.22
date: 2022-05-22 18:37:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s a weekend of weather extremes. More than a hundred million Americans are impacted in much of the lower 48 states. Late today, a suspected tornado rip through Arkansas, no word yet on damages or injuries. In Colorado today, it feels and looks like winter. But across a swath of the country, it’s more like summer. Several cities are roasting and setting new heat records, and it’s not even the Memorial Day. 

It’s near ninety degrees here in central park. Add the humidity, feels more like a hundred. Across the country, it’s a weekend of extremes. It’s a scorcher in Washington D.C. and much of the east half of the country. Temperatures, twenty degrees above normal with records melting away. In the west, Colorado is shivering record cold. A snowstorm complicating spring and making travel treacherous. This is I-70, traffic reduced to a crawl. The weather was deadly in Michigan. Today, the death toll rose to two in Gaylord. The town shredded by a rare tornado Friday. And the FDNY says one runner died and over a dozen more hospitalized at today’s Brooklyn half marathon. It’s not yet clear if the heat is to blame but organizers had warned about the high temperatures. 

Finally, help is on the way to address the nationwide shortage of baby formula. Today, crews at Ramstein Air Base in Germany loaded pallets with more than seventy-one thousand pounds of formula. It’s being called Operation Fly Formula. The first Air Force jet arrives tomorrow in Indianapolis. Today, President B signed a forty-billion-dollar aid package to Ukraine. It happened in Seoul, South Korea where the President is focused on his allies and his rivals in Asia. 
