---
title: CBS Evening News 11.10.22
date: 2022-11-11 20:55:24
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, tropical storm N, is making its way across the state of Florida after slamming into its state’s east coast as a category 1 hurricane overnight. The rare November hurricane is the first to make landfall along the state’s eastern coastline since C in 2005. All of Florida sixty-seven counties are under state of emergency as N move through the state before heading north later tonight. More than one hundred and sixty-three thousand homes and businesses are without power as tropical storm force winds have knocked down trees and power lines across the region. The most destructive damage came from the storm surge created by sixteen-foot waves causing devastating erosion, washing away parts of the coastline. Officials say at least four people have died including two killed by a downed power line. 

Remnants of N are still being felt here in Daytona Beach. And just a few blocks from where I am standing, families along the East Coast are under a curfew until 7AM tomorrow. This as workers assess safety of buildings on the water. Homes of this barrier island teeter on the edge before hurricane N hit. Now, many have crumbled into the ocean. Local officials in Volusia County say as many as forty single homes and nineteen hotels are compromised. Walls are gone, furniture is ruined. Everything these homeowners have worked for has been swept away by the sea. Back in September, hurricane I undermined seawalls in the area. And there wasn’t enough time to fix them before N made a rare November landfall. Tonight, homes, roads and the beach are all in safe. And residents are urged to stay indoors. Rising water and flooded roads have cut off neighborhoods. And here in Daytona Beach shores, neighbors are overwhelmed by what it will take to rebuild the community. Across the state, more than twelve hundred flights were canceled today. Meanwhile, flights in and out of Orlando International Airport resume tomorrow. 
