---
title: CBS Evening News 09.22.22
date: 2022-09-23 20:29:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the federal investigation into the top secret documents seized from D.T’s Florida home has resumed. The 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the Justice Department and criticized the former president’s argument that the document had been declassified. But in his first interview since the FBI search, the former president doubled down on that claim saying just by thinking about it, he could declassify documents. Also new tonight, the wife of Supreme Court Justice C.T, G, agreed to an interview with the House Panel investigating the January 6th attack on the Capitol. The committee wants to speak with T about her possible efforts to help overturned the 2020 election.

CBSN has learned that the Justice Department has resumed its investigation of those records seized from Mar-a-Lago as the number of investigations. And the former president’s legal peril continues to grow. The latest in a series of setbacks for the former President T. The three-judge appeals court panel in a unanimous ruling repudiated federal judge A.C’s decision to freeze the investigation. The 11th Circuit saying C’s court abused its discretion and that the public has a strong interest in ensuring that storage of the classified records did not result in exceptionally grave damage to the national security. The judges also said T offered no proof to his claims he declassified the records and called the issue red herring. That even if T had declassified the records, the documents would not belong to him. Meanwhile, the special master in the Mar-a-Lago case today said T’s lawyers have until the end of month to raise any disputes about the items seized including whether they believe the FBI lied about what was taken. The former president has claimed the government planted documents that weren’t actually there. 
