---
title: CBS Evening News 08.28.22
date: 2022-08-29 19:17:46
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with a developing story out of Ukraine. This video shows new attacks near Europe’s largest nuclear powerplant. Overnight fighting there is reported as intense and the plant has been repeatedly damaged by days of shelling. It is controlled by Russian forces but operated by Ukrainian engineers. International experts say the latest shelling underlies the risk of a nuclear catastrophe. Now to a political battle for control of Congress, CBSN poll out today shows Republicans heading into the fall still estimated to win control of the House this November. At the same time, President B’s job approval has been ticked up. 

The documents ordered by the judge in Florida Friday said the FBI found one hundred and eighty-four documents with classification markings. And more than two dozen marked top secret. A CBSN poll finds eighty five percent of Democrats but only twenty percent Republicans say the search of former president’s residents was about national security. And ninety percent of Republicans think it was a political attempt to damage T. Representative A.K is only two Republicans on the Jan.6th select committee. And of course, with only seventy days left until those midterm elections. We’ll have to see what if any impact this has on voter turnout. 
