---
title: CBS Evening News 08.14.22
date: 2022-08-15 16:22:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, federal law enforcement is on high alert after unprecedented number of threats against them. Threats that circulating online, including the names of two FBI agents that searched former president T’s Florida estate. In Washington, workers placed fences and protective barriers at the FBI headquarters ahead of any possible protests. 

The threats warn for the potential of violence against all levels of law enforcement officials. The threats are mainly occurring online. And FBI officials are concerned about their agents and staff. A joint FBI and Homeland Security memo sent to law enforcement across the country warns growing threats against them including a threat to place a so-called dirty bomb in front of FBI headquarters and general calls for civil war and armed rebellion. The uptick follows a search to former president D.T’s Mar-a-Lago home. The memo stating, “The FBI and DHS have identified multiple articulated threats and calls for the targeted killing of judicial, law enforcement, and government officials associated with the Palm Beach search”. That’s alarming to former FBI agent, turned Pennsylvania Congressman B.F. The bulletin also cites last Thursday’s attempt on FBI Cincinnati field office where an armed suspect failed to breach the facility and then let authorities on a pursuit and prolonged standoff that ultimately ended in his death. Now the memo says statements made by public officials that incite violence could also drive threats. And there is growing concern as we head into midterm elections. 
