---
title: CBS Evening News 12.06.22
date: 2022-12-07 18:20:07
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Polls are now closed in Georgia, and it appears Georgians are on track to turn out at a record rate for the state’s Senate runoff. Plus, hospitals nationwide are running out of beds as they see raise in case of the flu, RSV and Covid. We will get those stories in just a moment. But we do want to with that major verdict involving the T organization. The former President’s realistic company was convicted on all counts. New York City’s prosecutors saying the family businesses ran a culture of fraud and deception. The T organization doling out luxury perks to executives like fancy cars and apartments and none of which they paid taxes on. It’s not the only legal issue facing D.T. The special counsel overseeing investigations into him has just getting started. We learned today of the first subpoenas linked to the effort to overturn the 2020 election. 

As one investigation involving former President T expands here in Washington with those new subpoenas, another into the T organization reaches its conclusion in New York. The verdict from the jury in Manhattan was overwhelming on just the second day of deliberations. The former president’s company convicted on seventeen counts including conspiracy, tax fraud and falsifying business records, all part of a fifteen-year long criminal scheme in which executives were given off the book perks including luxury cars, rent-free apartments and private school tuition for relatives. Prosecutors built the case around star witness and longtime T organization finance chief A.W who acknowledge personal greed drove the scheme. T himself was not charged in the case but prosecutors argued in court he knew about the fraud. His company now faces up to 1.6 million dollars in fines. Meanwhile, another probe into T is expanding. CBSN has confirmed newly appointed special counsel J.S sent subpoenas to local election officials in Arizona, Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania seeking their communications with former President T and his allies as they attempt to overturn the 2020 election results. This comes as the House January 6 select committee is zeroing in on T and his inner circle with the chairman telling reporters the panel expects to recommend criminal charges. 
