---
title: CBS Evening News 12.09.22
date: 2022-12-10 18:53:56
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, as we come on the air, we are monitoring a major coast to coast weather system set to bring snow over the weekend. And in just a moment we will have our CBSN investigation looking into at a growing number of kids in schools, some as young as five are being hold away in handcuffs. But first, B.G is back in United States one day after being released from a penal colony in Russia. The WNBA star and two-time Olympic gold medalist touched down this morning at San Antonio, Texas where she was reunited with her wife. The nearly ten months orbit deal ended with the one for one prisoner swap for notorious Russian arms dealer V.B. Russian President V.P saying today that future trades are possible. 

US officials who traveled with B.G said she appears to be in good health on the flight describing her as gracious and happy as for P suggested even more Americans could come home, the White House is treating those words with more caution than optimism. After a gruelling stint in Russian prison, Doctors are evaluating G at Brooke Army Medical Center at San Antonio. She landed in Texas this morning. For the first time, a glimpse into G’s life behind bar doing hard labor and sleeping in a bed far too tiny for a six-foot nine frame. G’s lawyer told ESPN that she chopped off her signature dreads because it was so frigid her hair froze. Marine veteran P.W in prison in Russia since 2018 on what the US called sham espionage charges was not part of the exchange which freed convicted arms dealer V.B known as the merchant of death. Today, V.P did not rule out more prisoner swaps saying anything is possible. An US official tells CBSN that over the summer, Moscow proposed trading W for a Russian assassin who is serving a life sentence in Germany convicted of murder. The US has no power to release the prisoner and Berlin refused. The loudest critics of the B and G swap were Republicans who said this trade was just not fair to the US. Former National Security Advisor J.B told CBSN that former President T had the option of swaping V.B for P.W but he declined, that was before G was detained. 