---
title: CBS Evening News 03.14.22
date: 2022-03-15 18:21:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Russia’s military forces bombed western Ukraine that’s just fifteen miles from the Polish border. President Z will address Congress on Wednesday to plead for more help. And President B could soon be headed here to the region among the potential stops is Brussels, Belgium home to NATO. Also sparking worldwide concern, the news tonight that the Kremlin has asked China for help for military equipment, possibly drones. And if the Chinese were to go ahead and aid Russia in its war, it could pit the world’s largest superpower against one and another. We also have some sad news tonight about western journalist, one American shot and killed, his partner wounded, he was working on a documentary about refugees when he was shot by Russian troops. Also, a reporter from Fox news is hospitalized.

More explosions tonight, now the fourth round of peace talk took place with no other breakthrough than they plan to resume talk tomorrow. Ukrainian President Z described the talk as difficult but he is still hoping for progress even as fighting rages on. The bombardment of a training base is the farthest Russian have reached yet and the nearest come to hit a NATO ally. It’s part of a dramatic escalation in airstrikes and artillery attacks across Ukraine. Rockets took out a TV tower in Rivne, far west of the capital, killing nine. Early this morning missile strikes in Kiev left an apartment building in flames and rescuer scrambling to save survivors. As Russian troops close in on the capital, video from the Ukrainian Defense Ministry shows soldiers taking up positions and fighting back. 

