---
title: CBS Evening News 04.14.22
date: 2022-04-15 18:25:32
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, as significant and symbolic blow to Russian military might, Ukraine says an anti-ship missile sank the lead warship in Russia’s Black Sea fleet. The Russian Defense Ministry says the ship sank while being towed to port because of an unexplained fire, it has not confirmed the Ukrainian missile strike. Either way, this marks a loss for Russian President V.P’s military as he tries to refocus and regroup ahead of an expected offensive in Eastern Ukraine. Meanwhile, European leaders are drafting a resolution that will ban all oil imports from Russia.

A senior US Defense official says the flagship of Russia’s Black Sea fleet suffered an explosion when it was sixty miles off the coast of Odessa. Now can’t confirm if Ukraine struck it with its own missiles but it was well within range. A shocking blow to Russia, its powerhouse on the Black Sea now sunk. The pride of the Russian Navy, the warship Moskva, was part of the fleet terrorizing Ukrainian coast. Armed with supersonic missile launchers, it was originally designed in the Cold War to take out US aircraft carriers. Instead, it was taken out by two Ukrainian made Neptune missiles Ukraine says which would mark the first time it’s destroyed a major Russian vessel at sea. Moscow refutes the claim, insisting something sparked munitions on board to explode. But admitting its crew of nearly five hundred sailors had to abandoned the ship. The Pentagon says Russia has pulled its remaining ships from the area. While just up the coast, Mariupol on the brink of doom, many of the city defenders have now been captured. Russian TV footage purports to show them surrendering. But these die-hard Ukrainian forces encircled by the enemy say they will not give up. Ukrainian President V.Z says it’s a cycle of death, but the blood is on Russia’s hands. In Kharkiv, there’s no rest even for the dead. We witnessed the aftermath of Russia’s attacks in the town of Andriivka, where Ukrainian soldiers are now clearing these homes of mines met only to terrorize civilians. Now the hunt for the responsible begins, Ukrainian investigators tell us they already located the very towns where some of these Russian soldiers are from. And they’re determined to bring them to justice even if it takes years, maybe decades. 

