---
title: CBS Evening News 04.17.22
date: 2022-04-19 19:47:42
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
For many Americans, it’s been a weekend marked by a return to traditions, but for some, it’s been dominated by fear and violence with three mass shootings in two states. More on that in just a moment, but we begin with the battle in Ukraine. Tonight, Russian officials are warning that Ukraine’s latest fighters in the Southern port city of Mariupol will be quote “eliminated” after failing to surrender. The city has been bombarded for weeks now, civilian deaths there are estimated to be in the thousands. Ukrainian President V.Z says the situation in Mariupol is quote, in his words, “as severe as possible just inhuman”. Today at the Vatican, Pope Francis used his Eastern address delivered to the faithful at St Peter’s Square to call for peace and even caution the conflict to a nuclear war. But the Kremlin’s forces are pulling back. They are preparing for a new offensive. 

Well, the war maybe shifting East, but Moscow can still attack wherever it wants by air. Russia increases missile strikes here in the capital of Kiev and continues to pound major cities in the front lines. The killing continues in Kharkiv, though not stunningly for this person. Seven people including a seven-month-old died in overnight shelling, authorities say. In the besieged Eastern city of Mariupol, Russia has now claimed victory, if true, we may never know the full scale of horror. But Chernihiv in Northern Ukraine offers a glimpse. It too was encircled by Russian forces, cut off from food, water and electricity for weeks. At the height of the siege, up to fifty people were killed every day, so waiting in bread lines, others as they hid inside of their apartments and even more died because of they couldn’t get access to food or water. Ukrainian forces dramatically outgunned, pushed the Russians back. In one remarkable shooting down this bomber, it crashed into this house, killing one man inside but shockingly no more. Its payload failing to detonate on impact, landing on N’s doorstep instead. The two pilots ejected, one survived. And not just anyone, Ukrainian authorities say, posing with V.P and his ally B.A, the President of Syria, where this ace carried out airstrikes. Soon after his capture, Russia pulled back its forces from Chernihiv, a major setback for Russia, though not without a devastating cost to Ukraine.
