---
title: CBS Evening News 11.28.22
date: 2022-11-29 18:04:04
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Millions in the south are facing severe weather threat of tornados. And in Texas tonight, more than two million people are without safe drinking water. We are just getting news that schools will be canceled again tomorrow. But first Wall Street today suffering a major sell off, extraordinary protest and outrage are spreading across C over X Covid lockdown polices. As the world grows more concerned about recession and since China is world’s number one manufacture, production fears caused the DOW to fall 1.4%. NASDAQ and S&P 500 both fell more than 1.5%. Apple share dropped following reports that production at the world’s largest iPhone factory has been impacted by the unrest. The White House says the President B is monitoring a large C protest in decades. 

Tonight, the most widespread C protest in years. At least ten cities include S have now spread to HK. And the unrest is affecting global markets. Shares of Apple fell nearly 3% for reports that company could see production losses at Foxconn in eastern C for workers to protest Covid restrictions and the lack of bonus payments. This is by far the biggest challenge yet X zero Covid policy which is battered C economy and lock down hundreds of millions of people in their homes. Crowds have faced off with the police and there have been unknown numbers of arrests including a BBC journalist who was later released. Public outrage was originally sparked last week by a tragedy in western C when ten people burned to death in the apartment fire. And angry crowd gathered around at local government offices convinced that Covid restrictions have stopped fire engines from reaching the flames. Authorities denied that. On Monday, C police patrolled what had been the trouble spots. In a statement, the White House criticized C zero Covid policy. President B has been briefed on the protest, but hasn’t spoken publicly about them.
