---
title: CBS Evening News 01.03.22
date: 2022-01-04 18:59:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Airlines canceled more than three thousand flights today due to combination of Covid related staff shortages and severe winter storms. A fast-moving storm system dropped ten inches of snow in nation’s Capital forcing planes to be grounded at two DC area airports. The total number of flights cancelations since Christmas Eve topped fifteen thousand, and airlines are warning it’s not over yet. There may be another storm coming later this week. While the weather is piling on an already stressed industry dealing with pandemic staff shortages, some airlines are now offering double and even triple pay for staff who are willing to pick up additional flights.

This winter storm has been consequential. It dumped the highest amount of snow in this part of the country in more than three years. It grounded aircrafts across the country, and for many it made the first Monday of the new year far from painless. And for too many folks, the pain is far from over. This winter storm started the year with a vengeance. Snow falling as far south as Florida. As much as ten inches blanketed much of the mid-Atlantic, cutting power to more than four hundred twenty thousand Virginia customers after putting pressure on tree **limbs** over power lines. The state police there reporting almost five hundred sixty crashes in road incidents throughout the day. While business in the nation’s Capital came to a standstill. The storm was powerful enough to almost ground the Commander-in-Chief. Air Force One landing at Joint Base Andrews in wind-whipped snow, forcing president to return from his Delaware vacation via motorcade. Unelected fliers had fewer options.

:::tip limb

- : DISMEMBER. 切断，肢解
  
:::
