---
title: CBS Evening News 06.12.22
date: 2022-06-14 16:47:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is legislative progress to report in the nation’s capital on the issue of curving gun violence. A bipartisan group of Senators announced they had struck a deal to quote “protect the Americans, children, keep our schools safe and reduce the threat of violence across the country”. Theirs proposals are modest but do represent some movement.  It’s a response to the massacre in Uvalde, Texas claimed the lives of nineteen children and two teachers. And prior to that, the murder of 10 people at the grocery store in Buffalo, New York. 

This framework falls far short of what advocates would have like to see. But President B says this could be the most significant gun legislation to pass Congress in decades. With pressure from gun reform activists across the country, today, a group of Senators including ten Republicans announced a framework to address gun violence after years of inaction to tighten gun laws. The proposal includes enhanced background checks for gun buyers under twenty-one, incentives for states to implement Red Flag laws and funding for mental health services. In a written statement, the Senators said their plan, quote “saves lives while protecting the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans”. On the other side of the capital this week, the House Committee investigating the January 6th attack holds another round of hearings, focusing Monday on former President T’s disinformation campaign. Another issue at hand, will the Justice Department charge the former President with a federal crime?
