---
title: CBS Evening News 09.12.22
date: 2022-09-13 20:07:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, long lines of mourners are paying their respects to the late Queen. The monarch’s coffin with a five-hundred-year-old crown atop, is lying in rest at St Giles Cathedral in Edinburgh. Earlier, we witnessed solemn tradition, King Charles the III and his three siblings stood guard. And here at Buckingham Palace, we saw the first changing of the King’s guard in seventy years. It has been a busy day for the new King. He said today, he felt the weight of history but today you could almost see the weight of grief for a son who just lost his mother. 

Crowds here were certainly dense, but the mood wasn’t sad so much as solemn and respectful. People are very aware that they are witness to an extraordinary historical turning point. The band struck up the anthem as Queen E left Holyrood House, her Edinburgh home one last time carried by soldiers from the Scottish regiment. The hearse bore her coffin to St. Giles Cathedral past silent crowds. The four children walking behind. Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Edward and King Charles. Still in official mourning but already hard at work, Charles’s day had begun in London. In Westminster Hall, the room where his mother will lie in state later this week. He accepted the condolences of members of parliament and House of Lords. King Charles then flew to Scotland, and first with his wife Camila he met with his a few of his subjects. Then he addressed the Scottish politicians. In St. Giles Cathedral, a service of Thanksgiving for Queen E life began as the oldest crown in the British Isles, the Crown of Scotland was placed on her coffin. Outside, thousands of people waited patiently inline for their chance to file inside and pay their respects.  
