---
title: CBS Evening News 09.20.22
date: 2022-09-21 19:44:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, hurricane Fiona is only getting stronger as it moves through the Caribbean as a Category three storm, with sustain winds of more than one hundred and fifteen miles per hour. The first major hurricane slammed the Turks and Caicos this earlier today after devastating Puerto Rico with nearly three feet of rain. 

You’re about to hear the governor make a bold prediction when he thinks most people could have power restored. We met the governor here today in Salinas right along the Southern Coast, which was overrun by not only rainwater, but ocean water. The most water has receded. And what we have left tonight is mud, debris and Puerto Ricans with a lost storm-driven PTSD. It has been one day since hurricane Fiona’s fierce winds and torrential rain finally left Puerto Rico. And people are now just beginning to grapple with widespread damage and no power. We flew to La Paz, on Puerto Rico’s southwestern edge.  To the East of La Paz in Salinas, we caught up with Puerto Rico’s Governor, P.P who predicted the power outage is going to be on soon. A substantial majority of the customers will get their power back by the end of the day tomorrow. Near where the governor surveyed damaged, one farmer in Salinas called this catastrophe in twenty years. Plantains, bananas, all underwater, ruined. Evidence of Fiona’s path is everywhere. And across the island, homes and businesses are destroyed, five years after Hurricane Maria killed nearly three thousand people and knocked out power to 1.5 million residences. Now a good portion of the island is in the dark again. Critical update to the island’s power grid since Maria are continuing. 
