---
title: CBS Evening News 07.17.22
date: 2022-07-18 19:19:29
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A newly released report reveals sobering details about how a lone gunman was able to kill twenty-one people, mostly children, after walking into a Texas elementary school almost two months ago from now. The extensive document chronicles a leadership failure across multiple agencies, poor decision making amid the chaos, and a history of ignoring early clues about the trouble gunman.

We learned more about the gunman today, including that he had never fired a gun before, that he had suicidal ideation, that he glorified violence online and that he had sociopathic tendencies but nobody who came in contact with him ever alerted authorities about him. The investigation, conducted by a Texas House committee, highlights a series of systematic failures and egregious poor decision making by three hundred and seventy-six law enforcement in offices. The seventy-seven pages report in surveillance video was given to the victim’s families Sunday morning. The report blamed a lack of leadership that extended beyond local police, saying quote “hundreds of responders from numerous law enforcement agencies, many of whom were better trained and better equipped than the school district police quickly arrived on the scene”. A longer version of the surveillance video was leaked by local media last week, it shows the gunman entering Robb Elementary. And it is different than edited version parents got today. You can see him firing over a hundred rounds between the rooms he entered in two and half minutes. After a small group of local officers approached to the classrooms were shot at through the walls and retreated, dozens of officers then gathered in the hallway for more than an hour, pacing, asking for equipment and ultimately killed the gunman. During that time, today’s report states the void of leadership by chief A, who failed to take his role as incident commander and others who didn’t step up could have contributed to the loss of life. The report adds those officers quote “failed to prioritize saving the lives of innocent victims over their own safety”
