---
title: CBS Evening News 12.21.22
date: 2022-12-22 19:21:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
After arriving on a US military flight cloaked in secrecy, the Ukrainian President V.Z arrived in Washington to thank US taxpayers for helping his country fended off ten-month Russian aggression. Z just addressed at the joint meeting of Congress. Plus, T tax records made public, the former president’s tax returns were not under audit as his IRS policy required. But first, a powerful winter storm could disrupt holiday travel plans coast to coast. The National Weather Service calls this system a once in a generation storm that will produce according to projections blizzard conditions in the central and eastern United States. Airlines have already begun canceling flights, those cancelations we are told, well, they are expected to be multiplied. 

Airlines expected Thursday and Friday to be among the busiest for fliers this holiday season, that may not be the case anymore there offering change waivers for more than a hundred forty cities. Of course, the mother nature threatens to bring the gift no travelers wanted for the holidays. Tonight, ticking down on the bomb cyclone, targeting Christmas travel for millions. Snow is already falling in Minnesota. Airlines are poised to cancel thousands of flights as the storm is expected to pummel the Midwest with snow and then a polar plunge in temperature before heading east. Chicago is in the bull’s eyes. Transportation Secretary P.B. The airlines tell us they’ve seen a noticeable increase in people taking advantage of those change waivers to move their flights without fee. The good news there is fewer people will be impacted as cancelations occurred Thursday and Friday. If you still thinking about making that change, there is some time but you want to do it now as more flights get canceled, there will be fewer and fewer available seats especially before Christmas. 
