---
title: CBS Evening News 02.26.22
date: 2022-02-27 16:39:26
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the US and European allies took aim at Russia with unprecedented sanctions, further punishing the Kremlin for invading Ukraine. Millions more the US military aid is also on the way. Across Ukraine today, more heavy fighting, some of it street to street. Russian forces captured more rural territory, but their pushing to cities is proving much harder. Reports describe Ukrainian resistance as fierce. Today, Russian military missiles struck residential building in the capital of Kiev, but the city is not going down without a fight. Ordinary citizens gathered to make Molotov cocktails and Ukrainian President remains defiant, vowing to defend his country again today. But the Ukrainians are badly outgunned and casualties on both sides adding up.

With the capital under siege, residents here are embracing another way of aerial bombardment. But the Russian ground assault has met with ferocious resistance from Ukrainian forces. And not just around Kiev, but in other parts of country too. The all-out battle for the capital has only intensify it. Ukraine’s Foreign Minister said a Russian missile slammed into apartment building in Southwest of Kiev early this morning, tearing through five floors in the high rise. We went out today to find a huge hole punched into the corner of the building. Firefighters on the scene, shell shocked residents dragging belongs through broken glass in debris scattered everywhere. The mayor has told the residents of this city to seek shelter at home, don’t go out and stay away from the windows, but many people are scared, some of them come here to the deepest subway station in the city about as close as you can get to bomb shelter. The overnight curfew that had been in placed has now been extended from 5 PM today to 8 AM on Monday. Ukrainian Security teams are checking everyone on the lookout for Russian saboteurs. When we were out on streets today, we came across very jittery Ukrainian checkpoint guards, they had their guns drawn even on us, everybody here is on edge. The mayor says anybody caught outside between now and Monday morning, will be considered as enemy.
