---
title: CBS Evening News 05.09.22
date: 2022-05-10 19:04:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to come on the air with some breaking news about that Alabama couple on the run, a murder suspect and a former jail official accused of helping him escaped have been captured in Indiana following a car chase. Today is Victory Day, a celebration of the defeat of Nazis in WWII. It was expected today that President V.P would declare victory in his latest war. But instead, he used the occasion to blame the West. Meanwhile, Ukraine’s officials confirmed that at least sixty civilians were killed over the weekend when Russian troops bombed the school, it was being used as a shelter in Eastern Ukraine. And an update, First Lady J.B is now back at the White House from a four-day trip to Eastern Europe following a surprise Mother’s Day visit to Ukraine.

President P’s much anticipated speech lasted eleven minutes and ended up having less to do with what he said than what he didn’t say. And that has come as a relief at least for now. The annual Victory Day parade marking the defeat of Nazi Germany had all the **pomp**, but none of the punch. Instead, the Russian President went on the defensive, accusing the US, NATO, and Kiev of starting the fight and rallying troops to defend the motherland. Victory Day was commemorated in Ukraine too. And in his own speech, Ukrainian President Z accused P of repeating the horrific crimes of Hitler’s regime today. Yet, his soldiers and citizens are facing an increasingly brutal Russian assault in Ukraine. The latest atrocities Russian airstrike that leveled school in Luhansk, where families had taken shelter that now around sixty people are believed have died. Everywhere along the frontline we witnessed the widespread destructions of homes, even whole apartment blocks. And while the last civilian has been evacuated from the steel plant in Mariupol. Roughly two thousand Ukrainian fighters say they will fight the Russians to the end. There is little wonder P couldn’t declare any victory in Ukraine, even in Mariupol, there is no victory to celebrate.

:::tip pomp

- : a show of magnificence : SPLENDOR 盛况
  
:::
