---
title: CBS Evening News 03.18.22
date: 2022-03-19 18:39:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Russia’s attacks on Ukraine are heading further west, toward NATO allies. Six missiles were launched at the western city of Lviv. Ukaine’s defense system took down two of the weapons while the others took a direct hit on the town that is about forty miles from the border with Poland. And as the strikes continues, refugee crisis grows worse by the day. United Nations says more than 3.2 million refugees have now fled the country while nearly six and half million are displaced inside Ukraine. Take a look at this long line of cars fleeing the city of Mariupol, that is the city where a theater was destroyed, more than one hundred and thirty people have been rescued but officials warn that hundreds of people are still trapped. 

In a worrying sign of V.P’s war on Ukraine is only widening, Lviv may now firmly be in his crosshairs following today’s assault. Lviv early morning calm shattered by a Russian cruise missile attack near the city’s airport. It’s a war these children have experienced the worst of. They traveled seventy-two long hours to reach this care home in Lviv, hoping for safety. Originally from Volnovakha, six hundred miles away, it’s been obliterated by Russian forces, thousands of residents of this small but strategically important city near Mariopul were trapped for weeks under the relentless shelling. And these forty-two children are among those were able to escape. But behind the smiles is a trauma made worse by the fact that they have to leave their parents behind. The Ukrainian government could only offer shelter here to the city’s youngest and so their mothers and fathers have to make the agonizing decision to send them here alone, not knowing when the pieces of their families could be put back together again. 
