---
title: CBS Evening News 02.22.22
date: 2022-02-23 21:23:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, it’s clear that Russia’s war with Ukraine has started. President B specifically calling Russia’s military moves an invasion and has promised the President and European allies to level tough new economic sanctions against Russia financial institutions and oligarchs in P’s inner circle. The President also warning P that if he continues his aggression, there is even more punishment that can be inflicted. Not with soldiers, but more sanctions. In a ceremonial move today, the Russian Duma, that’s the nation’s parliament, gave permission to P to use military force outside the country. Just as these new satellite images just in show that troop deployments are now within twelve miles from Ukraine’s border. Well today’s action set market to a freefall, all three major indexes falling more than one percent, and sending the S&P into the correction territory.

Tonight, the White House says that the sanctions imposed today are only the sharp edge of the full pain the US is prepare to inflict. President B emphasizes that if V.P. escalates, so will he. But he stressed that it comes at a cost, a higher energy prices for Americans here at home. Today, President B warned V.P. was laying the groundwork to launch a large-scale incursion into Ukraine. Putin’s decision to send troops to two Moscow backed breakaway regions of Ukraine while recognizing their independence deepened the crisis. In response, the administration announced sanctions against two Russian financial firms and the countries sovereign debt, cutting it off from western financing, plus sanctions on top Putin cronies and their family members. European allies also countered. Germany halted action on the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, a top P project that carries natural gas from Russia. But it’s unknown if the new penalties will stop P, who has up to one hundred and ninety thousand troops surrounding Ukraine. And today, in a potentially grim sign of things to come, the Russian parliament authorize the use of military force abroad. Despite pledge not to get into a shooting war with Russia, President B announced he is sending new firepower to the region, up to eight fighter jets and thirty-two helicopters along with approximately eight hundred additional US troops that will beef up NATO’s eastern flank. President B also warned sanctions to Russia could also cause cut off some oil supplies, driving up already high gas prices. 
