---
title: CBS Evening News 11.18.22
date: 2022-11-19 18:48:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we begin with big developments in the criminal investigations in the former President D.T. Attorney General M.G today appointed a special counsel to take the lead. J.S has a long history with Department of Justice and is the former chief prosecutor for the special court in The Hague, which investigates and prosecutes war crimes. He will now oversee the probe into the January 6th insurrection and T’s efforts to overturn the 2020 election as well as the investigation in the former President's handling classified documents found at Mar-A-Lago. The appointment comes just three days after T announced his 2024 candidacy for the White House. In this afternoon, the former president slammed appointment, calling it political and a disgrace. 

This was not a last-minute decision. Privately, DOJ officials have been discussing this idea of appointing special counsel for weeks now. And this likely speeds up investigations swirling around D.T. Attorney General M.G said today that given former President T’s decision to run again, it was in the public interest to appoint a special counsel. Tapped for the job J.S, a war crimes prosecutor and former head of Justice Department's Public Integrity section. He will now decide whether Mr. T will face charges in the case in holding classified documents found in T’s Florida estate and whether he and his allies interfere with the transfer of power on January 6th. Historically, special counsel has been appointed to avoid conflict in political influence. But G’s move comes just days after T 2024 announcement, setting up a potential rematch with President B. T responded late tonight. This special counsel starts today. The investigation has been ongoing for months because the FBI and prosecutors have been on the case. Meanwhile, the White House tells CBSN, it was not giving a heads up about this announcement. 
