---
title: CBS Evening News 11.23.22
date: 2022-11-24 19:49:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with yet another mass shooting in this country. The latest took place inside a Walmart and Chesapeake, Virginia when a manager opened fire at his fellow employees. Six people were killed including a sixteen-year-old boy, seven others were injured. Police identified the gunman as thirty-one-year-old A.B. He was armed with a handgun and multiple magazines. Authorities say it appears he died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Right now, there is no clear motive. This is the fifty-sixth mass shooting in the last month according to the gun violence archive. In a statement today, President B called it yet another horrific and senseless act of violence. 

Twenty-four hours ago, holiday shopping turned into horror when that store employee turned that gun on his coworkers and customers. Tonight, investigators want to know why. The first 911 call came in at 10:12 last night. Police say the first officer on scene entered the store four minutes later. The alleged gunman, thirty-one-year-old Walmart employee A.B was armed with a pistol. And investigators say he had additional rounds of ammunition. Investigators say B died after a self-inflicted gunshot wound. But not before shooting and injuring seven people and killing six. Some of the victims were found in the Walmart break room. The investigation will stretch through Thanksgiving holiday. Authorities are still working to determine a motive. Today, Chesapeake city manager encourages residents in the latest home to a mass shooting to stay strong. 
