---
title: CBS Evening News 12.12.22
date: 2022-12-13 20:27:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The first court appearance for the Lockerbie bombing suspect just wrapped, and we’re now learning whether or not US prosecutors will seek the death penalty. And there are new details as B.G recovered from her nearly ten months detention in Russia. But first, a monster winter system is dumping snow from coast to coast and bringing dangerous weather along with it. California’s Sierra Nevada got buried over the weekend with wind gusts as powerful as a Category 5 hurricane. The northeast is cleaning up from a different storm that dumped more than nine inches in parts of Massachusetts and led to the delays and cancelations of thousands of flights. But tonight, blizzard warnings posted in five states and sixty-four million Americans are facing weather alerts and advisories. 

Tonight, a winter wonderland in northern California, the result of a massive storm that blanket parts of the Sierra Nevada with nearly six feet of snow. Powerful winds also wreaking havoc, gusts blew up to one hundred miles per hour, forcing this Tahoe resort to shut down the chairlifts. Major roads were also closed due to heavy snow fall and white out conditions. In South Lake Tahoe, falling trees snapped powerlines, leaving thousands without electricity. The fire department received more than two hundred emergency calls over the weekend with just ten firefighters on the force. In southern California, there are fears of more landslides like this after dramatic downpours saturated hillsides and flooded rivers led to a swift water rescue. In north Utah, more than twenty people were injured after a charter bus driver lost control and crashed on a slick highway. And as the storm moved east, time-lapse video from the National Weather shows Ketchum, Idaho, getting more than twenty inches in about twenty-four hours. And it brought thunderstorms to Iowa. But it’s not all bad, the winter weather also means some fun, the year’s first snowball fights and sledding. 
