---
title: CBS Evening News 10.30.22
date: 2022-10-31 19:33:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we are learning new information about the attack on P.P, he is the husband of House Speaker N.P. CBSN has confirmed that investigators have determined that the suspect had a list of who he wanted to target. Sources familiar with the investigation say the suspect allegedly had a bag full of zip ties along with a hammer that he brought to the P home. The Speaker says her husband is making progress. The suspect meanwhile will be officially charged tomorrow. He is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday. 

Commenting for the first time this weekend, N.P says her family is heart broken and traumatized. Meanwhile tonight, her husband P.P remains hospitalized. Tonight, eighty-two-year-old P.P is recovering after surgery for a fractured skull. Sources tell CBSN it could have been worse. P held off the attack by asking the intruder to use the bathroom, that’s why he called 911 for help. The suspect, forty-two years old, D.D, who had a history of spreading political conspiracy theories online, allegedly stroke P with a hammer before being tackled by police. Sources say D was looking for N.P who was in Washington at the time. The violence comes as threat against politicians are at an all-time high and just days before Midterm Elections where some calls to get out the vote have taken aimed the Speaker. And San Francisco Police have since gone on the record saying these two men didn’t know each other before the attack. They say there is no doubt this was break-in. 
