---
title: CBS Evening News 01.05.22
date: 2022-01-06 19:41:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin tonight with breaking news. A key CDC advisory panel is recommending Covid-19 boosters for younger teens. That means nearly five million kids could be eligible for a third dose Pfizer shot as early as tomorrow. But for many parents that booster couldn’t come soon enough as the Omicron’s surge is shattering records across the US. Cases are up in nearly every state. And the CDC said the seven-day average of daily cases is up ninety-eight percent from the previous week.

Across the country, demanding for testing remains high. And here in Miami-Dade county, it now has the second highest rate of new infections in the nation, as the virus continues to disrupt lives. The upcoming Grammy Awards are now postponed indefinitely, after organizers said there were too many risks. The awards were scheduled to air in CBS at the end of this month. There’s news out of the CDC today. Children ages twelve to fifteen could be eligible as soon as tomorrow to receive a booster of the Pfizer vaccine if it’s been five months after their second dose. The agency’s advisors cited rising infections in teens and young adults and a troubling increase in pediatric hospitalizations for the recommendation. And as Omicron continues its record-setting pace, a new CDC forecast says cases and hospitalizations will likely increase in the coming weeks. With DC, New Jersey, Florida, Georgia, New York and Maryland seeing in the highest rates. New hospitalizations admissions in Miami-Dade County are up five hundred and fifty percent in just two weeks. And we’re also learning tonight that the data on vaccinating children six months to four years old could be released as soon as the end of March. 

:::tip verge

- : BRINK, THRESHOLD, on the verge of. 处于边缘
  
:::

:::tip squarely

- : in a straightforward or honest manner. 直截了当地
  
:::

:::tip carnage

- : the flesh of slain animals or humans. 屠杀
  
:::
