---
title: CBS Evening News 06.16.22
date: 2022-06-17 19:04:13
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, we witnessed what some consider to be the most important Jan 6th hearing to date. There was powerful testimony from one of the most respected conservative lawyers in the Republican party, warning ominously that the threat to the democracy isn’t over. And the former President D.T and his allies present quote, “a clear and present danger in 2024.” Former Federal Judge M.L said Vice President M.P prevented what would have been a revolution within a constitutional crisis. 

The committee detailed the unprecedented pressure campaign against M.P, which ignited crowds, some of whom, the committee says, were willing to kill P. The **riotous** mob got within forty feet of an evacuating M.P. P’s lawyer, G.J was with him, at least some willing to murder according to the committee and an FBI informant. The committee contended the mob was egged on by a tweet from D.T saying P lacked courage. New images showed P hiding in an underground safe room. The committee also showed T in oval office on the morning of Jan. 6th when he put final pressure on P to block certification of the election in an explosive phone call. His aides say P never considered the scheme devised by California lawyer J.E to have the former Vice President rejected the electors and throw the election to Trump. The committee said even Trump’s chief of staff and E himself knew the plan was **bogus** and dangerous. Former White House lawyer E.H said he warned E. During the hearing, there was a letter released, sent by the Justice Department to the Jan. 6th committee asking the committee for copies of all the transcripts from all their interviews. The committee won’t comment, but in the letter the Justice Department says it needs those transcripts to prosecute more Jan. 6th criminals.

:::tip riotous

- : of the nature of a riot : TURBULENT 暴乱的
  
:::

:::tip bogus

- : not genuine : COUNTERFEIT, SHAM 伪造的，假冒的
  
:::

