---
title: CBS Evening News 02.18.22
date: 2022-02-19 15:33:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Strong words tonight from President B he says he believes that the decision for war has been or already been made by Russian President V.P. The President warning that Ukraine’s capital of Kiev made up of more than 2.8 million people could be a target within days. This is the biggest crisis to face in Europe since the end of Cold War. The latest satellite images show Russian troops moving within ten miles of Ukraine’s border with a deployed helicopter and a ground attack aircraft. Meanwhile, Russian backed separatists have announced evacuation of hundreds of thousands of residents to Russia from a region in Eastern Ukraine. Russian media is also reporting attacks in the region that the US and Ukraine say are stay false flag attack. Russian has increased number of troops in the border to as many as one hundred and ninety thousand.

For weeks now, President B has said the US was not positive that the V.P. has decided to invade Ukraine and with all that changed today, as he warned it will likely happen in the coming days. The President vows to implement punishing sanctions to make Russia pay the price, but he also said Putin still has time to change his mind. For the first time, President B left no room for doubt over whether he believes V.P. will launch an invasion of Ukraine. The President reviewed his assessments after holding a phone call with NATO allies amid the administration’s all-out efforts to prevent a war, he said there was reason to believe Russian would invade in the coming days. Secretary of State A.B. and Vice President K.H. are meeting with allies at a security conference in Munich, she is scheduled to see Ukrainian President V.S. on Saturday. But some US officials worry him leaving Ukraine would give Moscow a window to act. Tonight, the White House is also blaming Russia for those cyberattacks in Ukraine that we saw this week against the defense ministry and major banks. National Security officials say they do not have intelligent to indicate Russia is coming after the US now, but they are working with the private sector to secure systems 	just in case. 
