---
title: CBS Evening News 06.05.22
date: 2022-06-06 19:16:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight marking yet another weekend of deadly gun violence across the America. The latest mass shooting happening in big cities and small from Philadelphia to Chattanooga to Socorro, Texas. At least six people have been killed, more than two dozen others wounded. 

This weekend’s violence comes as cities across the nation honored national gun violence awareness weekend hoping to prevent the very tragedies many communities are dealing with now. Philadelphia police are investigating whether this fight captured on cellphone video led to a mass shooting in one of the city’s most popular gathering places. Three people were killed and twelve other injured after authority say multiple shooters fired into a crowd of people. Officers stationed nearby engaged the gunman as they ran from the scene. In Chattanooga, Tennessee, investigators believe a mass shooting near a night club led three dead and fourteen injured. Cities across the country are grappling with mass shooting this weekend. Today, Uvalde, Texas, another funeral service held for a victim of the elementary school massacre. Ten-year-old A.R dreamed of one day attending art school in Paris. The growing thread of violence has Americans on edge. Fears over a possible active shooter sent shoppers running for cover at two New York City malls during the weekend. Investigators now believe fireworks may have sent off the panic. And this is the second consecutive weekend in Brooklyn where crowds scramble for cover after hearing some sort of loud noise. Those experiencing panic say there is trauma in the aftermath of several mass shootings. 
