---
title: CBS Evening News 01.07.22
date: 2022-01-08 18:26:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the sentencing of three man convicted with the murder of A.A. The case garnered national attention after video surfaced of the chasing and shooting twenty-five years old black man in a Georgia residential neighborhood nearly two years ago. The father and son, G and T McMichael, were sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. Their neighbor, W.B. who filmed the pursuit, received life with possibility of parole. Brian will first have to serve at least thirty years in prison before he’s eligible. Well, during the sentencing hearing, A.A.’s sister recalled her brother’s humor, describing him as a positive thinker with a big personality. 

Outside the courthouse, several dozen people are listening by speaker cheered when the judge announced the sentence. Nearly two years after A.A was killed, his family sees justice in a case that almost never came to trial. Three life sentences, two without chance of parole. In a relieved Georgia community, A.A.’s family still churns. Defense lawyers argued that life without parole was unjust and planned to appeal. These same three defendants have more legal worries next month. Their federal trial begins on hate crime charges. 

The Northeast first significant snow fall of the year caused chaos across the region shuttering schools and stranding air. The New York City area got more than nice inches of snow and Boston schools were forced to close after getting nearly a foot. Meanwhile, snow turning to rain across the Pacific Northwest causing flooding across several communities in Lewis County, Washington. 


:::tip careen

- : move sideways or in an unsteady way. 冲出（失控地）
  
:::

:::tip grind to a halt

- : to stop working or moving forward. 停止工作或前行
  
:::

