---
title: CBS Evening News 09.04.22
date: 2022-09-05 20:51:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with weather extreme from coast to coast. In Georgia, states of emergency have been declared in two counties. They were swamped by flash flooding, after more than a foot of rain fell in the last twenty-four hours. And Indiana, at least one person is dead tonight, after rushing water caused widespread devastation. While in the west, there are several cities enduring triple-digit temperatures and a severe September heatwave. 

Extreme heat is punishing the West for the fifth straight day. And California are being asked to conserve and to brace for blackouts. Packed beaches, strained power grids, and a rush to get people and pets out of triple digits temperatures. Big parts of the West are in the grip of a brutal heatwave. Fueled by extreme heat and drought, the Cedar Creek Fire in Oregon is just one of the eighty-five wildfires burning in the US. More than twelve thousand fire personnel are on the frontlines. In northern California, the Mill fire has expanded to more than four thousand acres and destroyed a hundred structures. California is in the fifth day of record-breaking heat. Power grids are stresses, and cities like Glendale are preparing for rolling blackouts. In Death Valley, one of the hottest spots on the planet, weather extremes. Last month, this desert was hit by historical flash flooding. None of these weather events can stop tourists from snapping pictures in front of a giant thermometer. California’s power supplies will be put to the test every day until this heatwave breaks. It’s already moving closer to capacity.
