---
title: CSB Evening News 10.16.22
date: 2022-10-17 17:46:13
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Police in Stockton, California say they’re certain they have the serial killer authorities have been searching for. The news is providing some relief to a community that’s felt terrorized for several months. The arrest was made this weekend. The suspect, forty-three-year-old W.B. He is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday.

Tips from the community and good old fashioned police work led to the suspected killer, a Stockton resident. Investigators say the arrest came just as he was on the **prowl** for his next victim. Police say this is the serial killer who had the community of Stockton frozen in fear for three months. Forty-three-year-old W.B’s arrest came as a relief to anxious residents of the city eighty miles east of San Francisco. Investigators say they zeroed in on B.W Saturday as he drove through the dark streets of Stockton armed with a handgun searching for his next victim. Authorities say ballistics linked B to seven shootings, six of them deadly. Five men ambushed between July and September in Stockton and another man last year in Oakland. Police also linked B to the shooting of a woman last year, she survived. The district attorney will announce charges during his arraignment Tuesday calling this a very fluid and ongoing investigation. 

With the midterms fast approaching, a new CBSN poll out today shows Republicans are still favored to capture the House with an estimated 224 seats majority. Democrats have been narrowing the gap. But that momentum has stalled.

:::tip prowl

- : to move about or wander stealthily in or as if in search of prey. 徘徊，潜行

:::
