---
title: CBS Evening News 07.19.22
date: 2022-07-20 22:19:41
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the heat is on across much of the country as the scorching hot summer grips the nation. Brutal and dangerous temperatures are being felt from California to Massachusetts. More than one hundred and twenty million Americans are under excessive heat warnings or advisories with triple digits temperatures expected from the Great Plains to lower Mississippi valley. The National Weather Service says that more than sixty record highs will be set across twenty states by the end of the week. Europe’s record heat wave has resulted in Britain officially declaring a its highest recorded temperature while the London Fire Brigade declared a major incident after multiple fire broke out in and around London.

We hit a hundred and ten here. Paramedics say that’s not only dangerous heat, that’s potentially deadly heat. Something that tragically played out in Tallahassee, Florida this afternoon. An eleven-month-old died after being left inside a hot car. And tonight, growing concerns over the toll of this unrelenting heat. A major power scare at Hoover Dam. As the mercury soared into triple digits, a transformer explosion sent smoke billowing. The dam supplies power to California, Nevada and Arizona. West Dallas, this intense heat fueled wildfire burned a number of homes as temperatures reached a hundred eleven. Currently eighty-five large fires are burning scorching more than three million acres in thirteen states. Twenty-four days in the triple digits is also taking a toll on Texas infrastructure. Drought conditions are causing the ground to shift, breaking waterlines. Of the nearly five hundred breaks in Fort Worth this year. Almost forty percent have come in the last month. The fragile Texas power grid is keeping pace with record demand as pleas for customers to conserve electricity continue. Meteorologists say the weather pattern is stuck driving warmer and drier condition north creating a drought which in turn prompts more hot temperatures resulting in parts of California, Arizona and the central plains stifling under a heat dome.
