---
title: CBS Evening News 10.26.22
date: 2022-10-27 18:20:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are major developments that could potentially shake up the Midterm Elections in two key political battlegrounds. The breaking news from Georgia, Republican Senate candidate, H.W is denying new accusations that he paid for another woman to have abortion three decades ago. The accuser said she is afraid of retaliation and wants to remain anonymous. And in Pennsylvania, there are concerns tonight from Democrats after the Senate debate between J.F and O. Races a toss up and F’s performance last night is raising new questions about F’s recovery from the stroke. These races are important because they could decide the balance of power in the Senate. And the latest battleground tracker shows Republicans now have a slightly advantage, at least five races are toss ups. 

This new claim comes as H.W ??? when Democrat Senator R.W and amid record early voting turned out in Georgia. W recently told me he was trying to move forward with his campaign. Now he is defending another allegation that he says lies. In a virtual news conference, Attorney G introduced J.D concealing the identity of a woman who claims W drove her to an abortion clinic in the Spring of 1993 after learning she pregnant. The woman described a six years relationship with W while he was still married and playing at the NFL. She said she tried to get abortion herself but couldn’t go through with it and says he took her to a Dallas area clinic the next day and waited for her while she got the procedure. W played down the allegations on the campaign trail along with South Carolina Senator L.G. It is the latest case to envelop W who recently admitted to writing check for another woman who claimed he paid for her abortion in 2009. 
