---
title: CBS Evening News 02.12.22
date: 2022-02-13 20:28:43
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B again warned Russian leader V.P. of the cost of any invasion of Ukraine. More than a dozen nations have urged their citizens to leave the country. Today, more planes carrying US troops from the 82nd airborne division flew into Poland to bolster NATO’s eastern flank. And in Ukraine’s capital, thousands of Ukrainians braved winter cold to rally in Kiev to show unity against the threat. 

The White House says that calls between two world leaders didn’t produce any major breakthroughs. And a senior ranking official tells CBSN they’re still not sure whether or not V.P. has made the decision to invade. But early this morning the State Department pulled most of its diplomats out of the embassy in Kiev just in case. During the hour-long conversation, the White House says the President B urged President P to engage in de-escalation and diplomacy. But the time for diplomacy is running thin. Traveling in Fiji, Secretary of State says the US still has not received a written response to its security proposals. And Russian now has eighty percent of the troops it would need to invade positioned along Ukraine’s borders. About seven thousand Americans in Ukraine have registered with the State Department. Thirty thousand US troops, however, are headed to join units already positioned in Poland and Romania. With eighty-two hundred on standby to back up other NATO allies in case Putin’s territorial aspirations expand beyond Ukraine. 

Ukraine’s government is telling people to stay calm and united, it also warned that the country is almost fully surrounded by hostile forces. 
