---
title: CBS Evening News 11.20.22
date: 2022-11-21 19:45:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Police in Colorado Springs are praising the actions of at least two patrons at an LGBTQ night club as, quote “heroic”. Last night, they confronted and fought with the gunman who entered the building and begin firing. Before the violence came to an end, at least five people were killed, twenty-five others were wounded. Police have identified the suspect as a twenty-two-year-old man who is now in custody. Today, President B said in a statement quote “Places that are supposed to be safe spaces of acceptance and celebration should never be turned into places of terror and violence”. Mr. B adding “We cannot and must not tolerate hate”.

This is a community in shock tonight, Club Q has long been a safe haven for members of LGBTQ community to gather. That sense of security now shattered as the FBI and others investigate whether this was a crime motivated by hate. Witnesses described a scene of sheer terror inside Club Q late Saturday night. The bartender saw unimaginable horror all around him. Police said the shooter came just before midnight with two guns and opened fire. M.H is one of the club’s owners and raced to the scene of tragedy. On Facebook, the club posting “the tragedy could have been worse without the help of heroic customers who stopped the gunman”. Detectives say the gunman is twenty-two-year-old A.L. Tonight, he is in custody and investigators are looking into whether he has a record. Officials say it’s too early to say whether it was a hate crime targeting members of the LGBTQ community. The shooting comes more than six years after the attack at LGBTQ Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, which killed forty-nine people. The nation’s second deadliest mass shooting. 
