---
title: CBS Evening News 11.05.22
date: 2022-11-06 18:20:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, on this final weekend before Tuesday’s midterms, the parties’ strongest messengers hit the campaign trail, focusing on one state. That battleground, Pennsylvania, the political heavy weights rally voters in the fight that could define the country well beyond this election. Tonight, President J.B stumped together with former President B.O in Philadelphia. 

Pennsylvania is packed with presidents today in a sign of just how critical this state is in midterm election campaign. President B and former President O are here in Philadelphia to campaign for J.F. And in another part of the state, former President T is here to campaign for M.O. This is a very close race that will likely to determine which party controls the Senate. O, laying out the states, first in Pittsburgh, B starting his days in the Chicago suburbs. The headwinds facing Democrats are strong, and incumbents in several states are locked in close races. Even with news Friday of approved job numbers, voters remain anxious about rising costs of goods and gas. F responding to voters’ economic concerns by swiping at incorporate America. The keystone state is critical to Republican who hopes reclaiming a majority in the Senate and stopping the B agenda. Without it, the GOP have to flip two other battlegrounds, races in Georgia, Nevada and Arizona remain toss ups. And T maybe here for O, another candidate, but he also has 2024 on his mind. He’s likely to launch another presidential campaign later this month. So, these dueling rallies could be a preview of what’s to come. 
