---
title: CBS Evening News 06.26.22
date: 2022-06-27 19:20:17
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Advocates on both sides of abortion battle say their fight is not done. Anti-abortion rights forces are vowing to use Friday Supreme Court ruling, reversing fifty years of federal protection of abortion to push for near-total bans in every state. While abortion rights groups promise to harness anger in the streets, turning it into action at the ballot box this November. A new CBSN poll taken right after the court’s decisions finds most people disapprove of the decision to overturn Roe. A majority call it quotes “A step backward for America”.
 
What you’re seeing now is the legal fallout from this decision as states all over the country scrambled to figure out what exactly their laws on abortion are. Some are trying to **enshrine** protections into their state constitutions, while others are trying to ensure the federal government doesn’t create a workaround for some of the strictest abortion bans in the country. With her state’s trigger law now locked into place, Republican governor K.N was asked if South Dakota would include exceptions for rape or incest. In Michigan, Democratic governor G.W is asking Supreme Court to clarify what applies. The current abortion law or ban that’s been dormant but on the books since the 1930s. According to a new CBSN poll out today, fifty-six of Americans think the overturn of Roe V Wade will make women’s lives worse and more than half say they think the Supreme Court is likely to put limits on gay marriage or access to birth control. At a rally in Illinois, former President D.T told the crowd that his work nominating conservatives justices made the ruling possible. 

:::tip enshrine

- : to preserve or cherish as sacred 把...奉为神圣
  
:::
