---
title: CBS Evening News 08.10.22
date: 2022-08-11 19:34:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the latest news about former President D.T’s growing legal troubles. He was set to be questioned under oath today for a civil investigation by the state of New York into alleged fraud by the T’s organization. In Manhattan, the former President waved to the crowd on his way to deposition. He invoked his constitutional right against self-incrimination by pleading the fifth refusing to answer questions. All this comes just days after the FBI executed a search warrant on T’s home looking for documents that could contain classified information. 

A court crowd gathered in lower Manhattan earlier today beneath the skyscrapers to witness a moment in American history. A former President being deposed under oath by New York prosecutors. T. invoked his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination, a move he had once disparaged. T’s deposition is the latest chapter in a **contentious** standoff with New York State Attorney General L.J who is investigating whether T’s real estate businesses inflated the value of his assets including his fifth avenue apartment. In a statement, T said “He took the fifth because he had to”. When your family, your company become the targets of an unfounded, politically motivated Witch Hunt, you have no choice”. The New York Attorney General’s office has said today they “will continue to pursue the facts and the law wherever they may lead. Our investigation continues”. This comes as new details emerged about the FBI search of T’s Mar-a-Lago home. Agents spent nine hours in the residence and searched an office. There are other T related investigations. A criminal inquiry by Manhattan district attorney into his businesses there, a Georgia probe into his efforts to overturn the state’s 2020 election results, and a federal grand jury hearing witness testimony about T’s activities related to the 2020 vote. T remains popular in Republican party. Supporters outside Mar-a-Lago are just one sign of that. The former President is now using FBI search to raise funds. The former President huddled with Republican allies at his residence in Bedminster, New Jersey last night. They urged him to get into 2024 presidential race soon. 

:::tip contentious

- : likely to cause disagreement or argument 引发争论的
  
:::
