---
title: CBS Evening News 01.11.22
date: 2022-01-12 21:00:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re following a number of major stories tonight. This afternoon, a medical helicopter was in distress, hovering low above densely populated neighborhood, and then landed in front of a church. It’s believed the chopper experienced mechanical trouble. Well, the pictures of the wreckage are unbelievable. And yet we’re learning tonight all on board survived with non-life-threatening injuries. We’re told the pilot was able to help nurse and infant get out of the helicopter after the crash. Tonight, that pilot is being held a hero. 

Investigators will be here through the night, figuring out not just how this happen, but no one was hurt. When you see just how close the church is to the power lines, it is clear that this pilot demonstrated remarkable skill. It’s being called miraculous. Four people surviving a terrifying helicopter crash in Philadelphia. This medical transport chopper, heading from Maryland to Children’s Hospital of Philly with a two-month-old baby girl, along with medical workers and the pilot. Witnesses say the chopper was hovering low, avoiding electrical lines and this church before crashing into the ground. Not a single bystander was injured, and everyone on board the helicopter suffered only non-life-threatening injuries. About thirty firefighters responded to the crash expecting much worse. Officials say the chopper had about an hour’s worth fuel left and crews took steps to prevent it from leaking into the water supply. There was rush to help by bystanders here, one witness telling CBSN her rideshare driver pulled over, got out to help, and was handed the two-month-old, as people tried to extract the pilot. That child was driven to Children’ Hospital which was its original destination. 
