---
title: CBS Evening News 08.04.22
date: 2022-08-05 19:41:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, pressure builds on President B to broker a prisoner swap with Russia to free basketball star B.G. Today, a Russian judge give he a nine-year sentence after finding her guilty of drug possession and smuggling. The two-time Olympic gold medalist, pleaded with the Russian judge not to quote “end her life”, and apologized saying she never intended to break any laws or hurt anyone. The US consider G as another American prisoner wrongfully detained by Russia. 

The White House was **unequivocal** today, B.G should never had to stand trial let alone be sentenced to nearly a decade behind bars. But there is also hope tonight that the Russians may finally negotiate in earnest prisoner exchange. Now the sentencing phase is over. From a cage in the courtroom, WNBA star B.G expressed remorse, but that did not stop her Russian judge from sentencing her to nine years in a penal colony. President B called it unacceptable. The six-foot center was on the way to play in Russia when she was arrested in February. Russian authority accused her of drug smuggling. After finding less than a gram of cannabis oil in her luggage. In a bid to bring B.G and another American P.W home, US officials have proposed a prisoner swap, possibly involving Russian drug dealer, V.B. But the Russian said they wouldn’t negotiate until G is sentenced. It’s very unusual for US officials to even discuss for proposed prisoner swaps in public. But this time, they say they feel like no choice because they made an offer to the Russians and waited weeks without getting a serious response.

:::tip unequivocal

- : leaving no doubt : CLEAR, UNAMBIGUOUS 清楚的
  
:::
