---
title: CBS Evening News 07.09.22
date: 2022-07-10 19:50:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with more than fifty million Americans on alert for dangerous heat this weekend. Triple digits temperature being felt across at least fifteen states. The Southern plains are sizzling. Today, records were set in ten cities. In California, flames are threating world’s largest trees in Yosemite National Park.

Multiple States are under red flag warning, that is the highest level of wildfires. It’s all due to a combination of high, blistering heat of low humidity and strong winds. Hundreds of firefighters are battling the Washburn fire from the air and the ground. The flames, still out of control in a southern corner of Yosemite National Park have forced evacuations that are threatening about five hundred giant sequoias. Heavy smoke blankets Yosemite. This timeline video shows just how quickly the wildfire exploded to more than seven hundred acres since it started in Thursday. In Utah, record breaking heat and high winds are fueling two massive wildfires. Authorities ordered evacuations of homes and campgrounds after the Dry Creek and Halfway Hill fires scorched more than eight thousand acres. At Glacier National Park in Montana, the problem is snow, too much of them. Tourists can’t drive the iconic “Going to the sun” road as crews are still working to clear it out. It’s now **slated** to open next week. Also, welcoming the heat is Yellow Stone National Park, where the roads are finally dried up and reopened, after last month’s floods. 

There are new demonstrations today over the divide over abortion rights, as it **roils** the nation. 

:::tip slate

- : to designate (someone or something) for a specified purpose or action occurring especially at a fixed time 计划在
  
:::

:::tip roil

- : to move turbulently : be in a state of turbulence or agitation 使混乱
  
:::
