---
title: CBS Evening News 03.05.22
date: 2022-03-06 17:43:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, the President of Ukraine remains defiant even as invading Russian forces push deeper into this country. Again today, V.Z. pleaded more help from the US and international allies including a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Today, near Moscow, Russian President V.P. warned the west that moved would be act of war. And in Ukraine, the fight is intensified, this video reportedly showing a Russian cruise missile exploding after being intercepted by Ukrainian air defenses. While this residential building is reportedly hit by a Russian missile. There are new images today of the massive exodus. These people huddling for safety among the ruins of a bridge, roughly 1.4 million Ukrainians now refugees outside their country. The largest humanitarian crisis in Europe since World War II.

Russia thought the invasion would be over swiftly, that was before their jets were **plummeting** from Ukrainian skies to the cheering of locals. This downed pilot was asked his ranking unit details by his captors. In the face of an impossible odds, Ukraine’s resolve has shocked the world, and frustrated Russians into using banned weapons like cluster bombs. Russia claims they are not hitting civilians releasing videos of missiles launching at precision targets. But on the ground evidence tells a different story. Even nuclear power plants aren’t safe, US officials said the world narrowly avoided a catastrophe during Russian siege of Europe’s biggest nuclear facility. It could’ve been ten times worse than Chernobyl disaster, according to Ukraine. All of it sparking Europe’s worst humanitarian crisis this century. More than one million refugees have fled the country and the UN fears more than four million people about ten percent of Ukrainian population could displaced in the coming weeks. Dozens come into this shelter, here in the western city of Lviv before leaving the country.

:::tip plummet

- : to fall perpendicularly. 垂直下落

:::

:::tip astound

- : overwhelmed with astonishment or amazement : ASTOUNDED. 惊人的

:::
