---
title: CBS Evening News 05.22.22
date: 2022-05-23 19:39:46
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a welcome sight for parents panicked by a critical nationwide shortage of baby formula. First shipment arrived in US from Europe, part of what’s called operation Fly Formula. It’s a B administration initiative that aims to quickly increase the supplies of the vital food source. One hundred and thirty-two pallets of specialty formula were unloaded from US Air Force cargo jets today in Indianapolis. It’s enough for more than half a million baby bottles. It will be inspected and fast-tracked the delivery to desperate families. 

The President tweeted just a little while ago that a second shipment of formula is on its way to Pennsylvania in the next couple days and then will be distributed throughout the country. But the White House is facing criticism that it didn’t act fast enough. Relief landed in Indianapolis today, pallets of specialized allergy friendly formula airlifted from Germany on military transports. Secretary of Agriculture T.V met the shipment on the tarmac. The formula should arrive in clinics and hospitals across the country in the next few days. But many frustrated parents like twenty-five-year-old A.A, whose four-month-old has a milk allergy, want better, more long-term solutions. The shortage started in February after Abbott Labs, the largest formula manufacturer in the US closes its plant due to safety recall. But the B administration is also bearing some of the blame. With the November midterm approaching, a CBSN poll finds sixty three percent of Americans described the state of the country as uneasy or worrying. And two thirds believe President B is slow to react to important events. 
