---
title: CBS Evening News 01.28.22
date: 2022-02-02 16:42:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a dangerous winter storm is bearing down on the east coast with blizzard warnings issued for the New York City areas and Boston, the first in nearly four years. Tens of millions are in the path of this nor-easter that could bring record snowfall and coastal flooding. Households and businesses up and down the coast are preparing for possible power outages. At least six states have declared state’s emergencies as governors plead with residents to stay off the roads. Forecasters anticipate Boston will experience one of the biggest single day snow totals on record. Airlines have preemptively canceled thousands of flights for tomorrow. The airports most affected are in New York, Boston, Philadelphia and Washington D.C.

The coastal town of Scituate, Massachusetts, about thirty miles south of Boston, knows how to prepare for the worst. Laying down sandbags, and boarding up windows. Parts of Massachusetts could see up to thirty inches of snow, making it one of the top five single day snowstorms on records in the state’s history. This is the first blizzard to hit the region in nearly four years. From the Carolinas to New England, the storm system could create a travel nightmare along the Eastern seaboard. This comes three weeks after another storm caused a fifty-mile closure in Virginia, stranding hundreds of drivers on I-95 for more than twenty-four hours. Snowplows are ready to go, but many cleanup crews are operating with reduced staff, partly because of the pandemic. As the storm approaches, local hardware stores are struggling to keep must-have items on the shelves. Well, here in Scituate, Massachusetts, many residents have temporarily evacuated, and voluntarily evacuated. Meanwhile, the Department of Transportation in Massachusetts has temporarily banned tractor trailers from the state’s interstate highway system tomorrow from 6 A.M. to midnight. 

