---
title: CBS Evening News 09.17.22
date: 2022-09-18 21:00:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the intensifying political battle over immigration. Today, about fifty migrants, many with young children arrived in the nation’s capital. It’s the latest move by the Republican-led states to transfer migrants unannounced across the country. More buses also arrived in New York City. 

Yet another bus carrying migrants arrives here at the Port Authority, adding to more than eight thousand already in New York City shelter system. Meanwhile, Republican governors vow to send even more migrants to Democrats-led communities, from New York to DC to Chicago to California. Arriving by bus and plane in Northern California, dozens of families including children were dropped off without any direction. Aid workers say some migrants walk from the airport looking for shelter. They ended up sleeping in a park. New York shelters are at the breaking points. Mayor E.A says the city has opened twenty-three emergency shelters and is even considering using cruise ships as housing. Republican governors of border states say they won’t stop sending migrants to Democratic cities in an effort to provoke President B to act on border security. This morning, a bus from Texas dropped off migrants in Vice President’s neighborhood in Washington DC. And the governors of Texas and Florida say they are willing to use tax payers’ money for these buses and even flights. Texas has already spent twelve million dollars on transportation costs. 

Today, a hurricane warning issued for Porto Rico as tropical storm Fiona powers up. It’s blamed for at least one death in the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe.  
