---
title: CBS Evening News 02.25.22
date: 2022-02-26 20:04:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
First in Ukraine, Russian forces have entered the capital city of Kiev, and so has the booming sounds of missile and rocket attacks. Emergency crews raced to put out fires following attacks on residential buildings, while debris from a down plane litter the streets. Ukrainian forces are putting stronger resistance than expected that’s according to a senior defense official. Now we’re learning Russian troops are not advancing as fast as anticipated. The B administration, European Union and Great Britain have all moved today to freeze the assets of top Russian leadership, including President P and Foreign Minister, S.L..

In the national address, the Ukrainian President warned tonight, will be the hardest battle. We’ve heard a number of powerful explosions tonight, the worst yet. People been told how to make Molotov cocktails. Eighteen thousand guns have been handed out to citizens. He said we cannot afford to lose the capital. Skies lit up tonight over the capital in the most intense and sustained aerial bombardment the city has seen since the invasion began. Kiev on the verge of all-out assault. Even with Russia bear down, President V.Z. was on the streets this evening in defiance, saying your President is here, despite saying earlier that the enemy has identified me as the number one target. Columns of tanks have been seen in the city, and horrific cellphone footage showing the tank crushing a car. A later rescue scene shows the driver miraculously survived. Russian troops are tightening the **noose** on Kiev after going on the attack against Ukrainian forces on multiple fronts across the country. Fierce fighting in Kharkiv, Russian soldiers capturing Chernobyl nuclear power plant site, accused of taking hostages. Tens of thousands have tried to flee instead. Ukrainian guards fired warning shots to prevent a stampede at the city’s main train station. While those left to hunker down in the capital can only brace from the onslaught to come. After moving at lightning speed when the invasion first began, the Russian advance had been bogged down. Ukrainian forces are not going down without a fight. The man we spoke to today, vowed to fight to the end to stop Russian troops from taking over this city. 

:::tip noose

- : a loop with a slipknot that binds closer the more it is drawn. 套索
  
:::
