---
title: CBS Evening News 10.24.22
date: 2022-10-25 18:47:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are starting tonight with horror in the heartland of America. Another school shooting, this time in St. Louis. It happened today at the city’s central visual??? performing high school. Terrified students leaving their school with hands raised escaping the senseless horror bullet and??? bloodshed in their hallways in classrooms. A teenage girl was pronounced dead inside the school. Another victim, a teacher, died at the hospital. The gun believed to be in his twenties was killed in battle with police. This was the fortieth school shooting in the US this year. That’s a half dozen more than all of last year. The mayor of St. Louis spoke for so many parents today saying our children shouldn’t have to experience this.

It was a horrifying chaotic scene here that played out at school. The victims ranging in age from sixty-one years old to just fifteen. The shooting sending students scrambling to safety jumping out of the windows and finding any door they could find. It was just after 9A.M when an all too familiar scene erupted. Police raced to central visual and performing arts high school. Traumatized students ran for their lives. Relatives rushed to their loved ones. Police identified the gunman as nineteen-year-old O.H. Students say he entered the school with a long gun then opened fire killing sixty years old and jurying at least seven others. Teacher G.K who passionately raised money for diabetes research later died at the hospital. As the community mourned, there are questions about safety at the school where authorities say seven security personnel were on duty at the time. Investigators located the suspect’s car and are searching for more clues to the gunman’s motive. Now agents with the ATF and the FBI were seen searching a home connected to that gunman. This afternoon, again the ATF and the FBI seen searching that home for several hours here in south St. Louis, he is set to be a nineteen-year-old male, graduated from the school just last year. Tonight, the communities plan to hold a vigil. 
