---
title: CBS Evening News 12.24.22
date: 2022-12-25 21:17:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
An extraordinary treacherous moment nationwide as extreme cold shatters holiday plans. These conditions near Rockford, Illinois today, no one was seriously hurt in the crash but the weather had proven deadly claiming at least nineteen lives. In Seattle, frozen streets sent some cars sliding, out of control backward and downhill. It is a deep freeze. Blinding blizzards and icy chaos in nearly five thousand delayed flights stranding travelers.

All these delays and cancelations are still coming in and people only have a few hours to get out if they want to make it in time for Christmas. Brutal cold from coast-to-coast stranding thousands holiday travelers at airports nationwide. The wicked weather had made travel deadly. This devastating pileup in Ohio involving more than forty cars and trucks on Friday, at least four people were killed. Today, in Buffalo, New York, winds reduce visibility to zero in what some calling it once in generation storm with multiple feet of snow expected through Christmas. In Long Island in New York, drivers were swamped by chilly flood waters. Across the country, bone-chilling cold taking a toll on people and animals. In Montana, it’s been forty below or worse for much of the week. These cattle ran through snow as ranchers trying to keep their livelihood safe. Tonight, many states at risk for blackouts or rolling outages. One power operator overseeing thirteen states now asking residents to conserve. In El Paso, migrants huddled on the streets wrapped in blankets in subfreezing temperatures waiting for shelters to open. 
