---
title: CBS Evening News 05.30.22
date: 2022-06-01 19:12:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the nation pauses to remember the heroes, veterans and gold star families who served and sacrifice for our freedom. This afternoon, the President laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery. Less than twenty-four hours earlier, the President was in Texas, visiting the families of the nineteen children and two teachers who were killed in an elementary school shooting last week. Tonight, the community of Uvalde is preparing for the victims’ funerals, and the Justice Department has announced it will conduct a critical incidental review of the police response to the massacre.

Over the last week, I’ve been talking to children who served the shooting and parents and they tell me they can’t think of a scarier thought than the end of the summer when they have to come back to school. Well, they may not have to come into this building at least. During his visit yesterday, President B vowed to do everything he can to have the school demolished and rebuild. Mourners gathered at this funeral home just steps from Robb Elementary School. It’s the same building that the gunman initially began shooting before his deadly attack on the school. Today, it’s where a grieving community attended visitation for A.J.G. Also remembered today, M.R, the first for the twenty-one killed last week. The Department of Justice, at the request of Uvalde mayor, announced it will conduct a review of the police response to the shooting. But noted it is not a criminal investigation. Police are trained to confront an active shooter immediately. Yet as angry parents begged for help. The on-scene police commander gave instructions to wait despite multiple 911 calls from children who were trapped inside. A Federal tactical team took it upon themselves to storm in about seventy-five minutes later. 
