---
title: CBS Evening News 06.23.22
date: 2022-06-24 19:25:42
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
In the past few weeks, we’ve heard **gripping** new testimonies from the Jan.6th hearings. But what we learned today was particularly **egregious**. Three former high-level Justice Department officials testified that the President of the United States was repeatedly sought to pressure and manipulate the DOJ to, in the word of President T, just say the election was corrupt. And those officials told the President over and over again that there was no evidence of fraud, T sought replace to Attorney General with an environmental attorney with no experience. We also learned of an oval office show down on Jan.3rd that was just three days before the insurrection. The other big headline from Today’s hearing? That six House Republicans asked for pardons for themselves from the White House. 

And this appears to be another case of the former President ignoring advise from his own administration as he tried to pressure senior Justice Department officials to overturn 2020 election. Testifying under oath, top former Department of Justice officials told the House Select Committee investigating the Jan.6th attack that former President T relentlessly pressured them to investigate false claims of election fraud. Weaving previous interview with live testimony committee members painted a picture of a desperate President attempting to force former acting Attorney General J.R and his deputies to cast doubt on election integrity. Instead, J.C an environmental lawyer at DOJ with no experience in elections, wrote a draft letter that he intended to send to battleground states Trump lost, saying the Department had identified significant concerns that may impacted the outcome of the election. That was false. Three days before the Jan.6th attack on the Capitol, a tense hours-long oval office meeting took place where T threaten to replace R and C. J.C did not testify today, but invoked the Fifth Amendment at previous deposition. And yesterday, federal investigators raided his Northern Virginia home. Meantime, the committee named more Republican lawmakers who sought pardons after meeting with the former president to strategize ways to block the certification of the election.

:::tip gripping

- : taking a powerful hold upon one's interest or feelings 扣人心弦的
  
:::

:::tip egregious

- especially : conspicuously bad : FLAGRANT 恶名昭彰的，极坏的
  
:::
