---
title: CBS Evening News 02.06.22
date: 2022-02-07 16:52:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are increasing signs that V.P. plans a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. And the Biden administration now says that could happen at any time. Right now, more than one hundred and ten thousand Russian troops are massed on the border. This weekend US troops from the 82nd airborne division arrived in Poland to demonstrate America’s commitment to NATO’s eastern flank. If Ukraine does become about a battlefield, sources tell CBSN that civilian casualties could go as high as one hundred thousand. 

In the cold bite of winter, some fighters prepare for the worst. But these people are not Ukrainian, they are from the nation of Georgia, a country which also shares ???border and complex history with Russia. The fear of the Russian invasion has triggered a sensitive unity across Ukraine not see in a year. In the second largest city, ???, a vibrant sea of blue and yellow, as thousands took to the street waving Ukrainian flags in the show of patriotic spirits. But those here know it takes much more than patriotism to defend against Russia. The Kremlin continues to insist it has no plan to invade. Despite massing roughly a hundred and ten thousand battle-ready troops along Ukraine’ borders. But at the same time, accusing the US of trying to ??? into war. US intelligent officials say President P still hasn’t decide that whether to invade, but has nearly everything he needs to launch what could be the largest scale military operation in Europe has seen since World War Ⅱ. 
Tonight, diplomatic efforts to defuse the crisis are being ??? exploring in Europe and Washington. 
