---
title: CBS Evening News 09.15.22
date: 2022-09-16 19:11:35
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the labor deal that prevented catastrophic railroad shutdown. Rail companies and union leaders reached a tentative agreement less than twenty-four hours before workers were set to walk off the job. President B announced the deal after an all-night negotiating session. The deal avoids a shutdown of the nation’s freight trains and passenger traffic that could have devastated the already fragile economy less than two months before the midterm elections. Amtrak is scrambling to restore service after the company canceled all long-distance routes ahead of a possible work stoppage. 

Some late-night nudging by the President and the meeting between union leaders and rail owners that was not allowed to end until they shook hands. Standing in the Rose Garden, President B hailed a deal to head off what would have been first rail strike since 1992. The agreement was the product of marathon. Twenty-hour talks led by Labor Secretary M.W. W says a strike would have cost the US economy two billion dollars a day. Twelve unions secured the largest wag increase for railroad workers in more than four decades. A raise of twenty four percent over five years. They also secured one more day of paid leave and for the first time, right to take unpaid leave to attend medical appointments. That victory so close to the deadline did come at a price. Amtrak had already canceled some long-distance trains and GM anticipated auto parts shortages prepping to close some plants. This standoff was a big test for a man who has frequently build himself as, quote “The most pro-union president ever”. And the test isn’t quite over yet. This deal still has to be voted by more than a hundred thousand rail workers. A series of votes will take place over the next few weeks. 
