---
title: CBS Evening News 03.24.22
date: 2022-03-25 18:32:59
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Hours from now, the President B will head to Poland, the country taking in majority of those 3.6 million refugees fleeing war towards Ukraine. President B announced an additional on billion dollars in humanitarian aid that will support people displaced within Ukraine and help countries like Poland handle the influx people crossing the borders. The President hinted in a press conference today that he will also visit refugees. Ukraine’s President Z addressed world leaders from Kiev and pleaded for more military aid including planes, tanks, rockets, air defense systems and other weapons. He told the alliance they were capable of preventing more deaths and Ukraine is defending quote “our common values”.

President B said the new red line here in Brussels today, threatening to take unspecified action if V.P as many fears unleashes chemical or biological weapons in Ukraine. President B issued that warning between meetings with his fellow NATO allies and his fellow G7 leaders and the leaders of European Union nations, a diplomatic whirlwind designed to show unity in the face of what could become prolonged Russian brutality. But speaking remotely, Ukraine’s President V.Z told the leaders that he needs more than unity, he needs jets and one percent of NATO’s tanks. He said “You have at least twenty thousand tanks and the worst thing during the war is not having clear answers to requests for help”.
NATO’s Secretary of General wouldn’t commit to the tanks but he said NATO will give Ukraine more equipment to help protect citizens from biological, chemical or nuclear attack. As leaders met, US announced it will take in one hundred thousand Ukrainian refugees but that’s just a small fraction of nearly four million Ukrainians who have fled the deadly conflict so far. The White House also unveiled new sanctions on what it called key enablers of the invasion, including dozens of Russian defense companies and more than three hundred members of Russia’s lower parliament of Duma. The President admitted the crippling international sanctions imposed so far maybe wrecking Russian economy but they haven’t force P to change his course yet.
