---
title: CBS Evening News 06.18.22
date: 2022-06-19 19:10:40
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Millions of people are moving about the country this holiday weekend unless they been caught up in the mass flight cancellation mess. More than four thousand US flights have been canceled since Thursday hitting all regions of the country just as passenger traffic spikes. TSA reporting tonight it tallied more than 2.4 million flyers yesterday. That’s the highest number we’ve seen since Thanksgiving weekend. 

It’s been another frustrating weekend, another eight hundred flights canceled nationwide today. Now, Americans are relied on air travel during the busy summer travel season. But flying has become one of the most unreliable ways to travel. Friday was the biggest travel day of 2022. And for many, it was a travel nightmare. Hundred of delays and cancelations, passengers stranded, vacation ruined. At Boston’s Logan Airport, delayed travelers were left to take a nap on the airport floor. What was once a rare occurrence is becoming the norm. The airlines blamed pilots staffing shortages, coupled with unprecedented number of Americans flying. Add to it the bad weather this week, and you got a perfect storm. Transportation Secretary P.B met with Airlines’ CEO this week to urge them to improve the service, tweeting air travelers should be able to expect reliable service. Delta pilots published an open letter to passengers blaming management saying we have been working on our days off, flying a record amount of overtime to help you get to your destination. Experts say it could be months before staffing shortages improve meaning your summer travel plans maybe at the mercy of airlines. And by the way, fly hasn’t got any cheaper, in fact it’s about a hundred dollars more per tickets compared to last year.
