---
title: CBS Evening News 08.06.22
date: 2022-08-08 19:36:44
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, in Washington the Senate’s working in a rare weekend session and has started to vote on a sprawling climate and health care bill. It’s really a scaled down version of the Democrats Build Back Better Bill. Passing it would continue a week of wins President B has desperately needed red hot jobs numbers, cooling gas prices. Conservative Kansas voting down further abortion rights.

President has tested negative today following his rebound case. He is monitoring the developments from here. Senators are expected to pull an all nightery and could have this wrapped up by Monday. And what would be a major legislative victory for Democrats. Senators scrambled into a rare Saturday session, gearing up for a weekend of debate on Democrats breakthrough Budget Bill that they say will lower energy and healthcare costs. Titled “The Inflation Reduction Act” and touted as the largest single investment in climate in US history. The bill would provide new incentives to invest clean energy and separately negotiate down prescription drugs. Democrats argue it would also reduce the federal deficit, raising revenue through tax provisions, including increased enforcement and a fifteen percent minimum tax to large companies. The timing of this vote in the fifty-fifty Senate comes just three months ahead of high stakes midterm election. The White House says it should be a signal to Americans to make their voices heard. Believing abortion will be a driving issue for voters this fall. The President has also called on Congress to codify Roe, which has stalled in the Senate.
