---
title: CBS Evening News 09.30.22
date: 2022-10-01 21:49:47
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, Ian is now a post-tropical cyclone. But it is still bringing dangerous conditions to much of the east coast. Ian slammed into the South Carolina’s coast as a strong category one storm packing winds of eighty-five miles per hour. The storm made landfall in the US for the second time near the historic town of Georgetown. With torrential rains and floodwaters. South Carolina’s governor is urging residents to stay inside. The storm will continue to bring flooding rains from the Carolinas to the mid-Atlantic and even up to New York over the weekend. Tonight, we are getting a clear picture of the devastation Hurricane Ian left behind in the state of Florida. There are rescues happening right now. It could also be the most expensive storm in Florida’s history. 

Tonight, there is a state of emergency caused by Ian in five Southeast states. Ian smacks every place hard. Today, the South Carolina coast, places like Charleston, and Pawleys Island. Police there called flooding catastrophic. In Cherry Grove, the local pier washed away into the Atlantic. This category one hurricane brought misery galore, eighty-five miles per hour winds up to seven feet of storm surge, and in some spots, eight inches of rain. And when there is too much water a half block from Myrtle Beach itself, we watched this rescue, apartment residents trapped by a moat four feet deep **plucked** to safety by fire crews. South of here is the South Carolina region known as the Lowcountry. Areas that are at sea level or below, vulnerable to flooding. And tonight, overwhelmed by water.  Turning to the devastation in Florida where rescuers are still underway and expected to continue until tomorrow. President B says this search operation is the largest in recent history. In Orlando, entire neighborhoods remain underwater as getting up to fourteen inches of rain. 
