---
title: CBS Evening News 03.31.22
date: 2022-04-01 18:21:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, in an extraordinary move to help Americans combat rising gas prices, President B is going to drain roughly one third of the oil reserve, that is the largest ever. It’s actually the fourth time this measure has been taken, it happened during Golf War, after hurricane K and the 2011 Libyan Civil War. President B will tap one million barrels a day, but that’s only a drop in bucket when it comes to the domestic oil consumption. The US currently uses around twenty million barrels a day. And Americans are only seeing sticker shot at the gas station, the Commerce Department saying today that people are also paying sharply higher prices for food and other necessities, inflation is rising at the fastest rate in forty years. The average price of gas in US now stands at $4.23 a gallon, that’s up forty seven percent from just a year ago. And on Wall Street today, stocks tumbled to the close with all three major indexes following more than one and half percent on the day.

Tonight, President B is offering gas customers like the one you see behind me a war time bridge as he described it to get through the fuel intense demand of the summer until the US production picks up this fall. But with so much of play on the global energy market, there is just no guarantee while you pay to fill up or come down. Tonight, President B on a unprecedented effort to the financial squeeze to fuel, placing the blame to recent jump ??? Energy crisis ??? in Ukraine. Mr. B announcing several new efforts including accessing a third of nation’s strategic petroleum reserve until October. Now tax rebates they are passed by states like California typically come out of any tax refund you will otherwise receive. And here in Maryland, it’s actually the station owners who get tax holiday with the state expecting those savings to be passed along to customers. 
