---
title: CBS Evening News 04.09.22
date: 2022-04-10 19:33:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A diplomatic show of force in Ukraine today, European leaders announced they will be reopening their embassies in the capital, and a surprise visit to Kiev, British Prime Minister B.J walked along the city’s streets with Ukrainian President V.Z. J also pledged more military aid to Ukraine. In Moscow, the Kremlin has reportedly put a single commander in charge of an invasion plagued by casualties and poor logistics, fearing a new offensive. Ukrainians today were still trying to flee the Eastern part of the country in the wake of another brutal assault.

Russian forces have withdrawn from Ukraine’s capital Kiev, the fighting is ongoing here in Southern Ukraine as well as in the East, and Russians continue to reign terror on this country from the air. This train station in Kramatorsk was packed with thousands of people evacuating their homes in Eastern Ukraine on Friday, when authorities here say it was hit by a Russian missiles strike, killing at least fifty including children. Russian claims it wasn’t involved, a senior US defense official says the US isn’t buying it. We drove north this week, near Ukraine’s border with Belarus with some Russian forces are now thought to be regrouping. On highway, the Russian destroyed bridges when they left, so we took back roads, getting bogged down in the mud and making it out with a helping hand from the Ukrainian military. The Russian soldiers left the village of Termakhvka just a week ago. The streets are still littered with the wreckage of war. Russia has indicated that its focus is moving to the Eastern Ukraine and Ukrainian officials have urged civilians living in the Luhansk region to flee immediately. Meanwhile, following Russian military failure during this invasion, there are reports that a new Russian general, A.D has been put in charge. Now he apparently gained experience in Syria where Russian is been accused committing war crimes by the United Nations.
