---
title: CBS Evening News 03.21.22
date: 2022-03-23 14:52:45
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, it is history in the making as the confirmation hearing for Supreme Court nominee judge K.J get underway. The fifty-one-year-old federal appeals court judge for the DC circuit made her opening statements today. Telling Senators that she would work to support and defend constitution and the grand experiment of American democracy. If confirmed, J will become the first black woman on the nation’s highest court. A Harvard Law School graduate J will replace retiring Supreme Court Justice S.B, whom she clerked for back in 1999. J’s confirmation will be groundbreaking in more ways than one, it would be actually the first time four women would be on the court at the same time. 

Today, we got a preview of what we can expect the Senators to ask her over the next two days, and then we heard from the nominee to talk about her life and family as she promised, if confirmed, to be independent. 

Despite the dire warning, President Z remains defiance, saying he is refusing to allow any Russian soldiers to occupy any Ukrainian city despite the horrific damage we seen. Before dawn, a raging inferno, after Russian forces targeted a shopping center in the heart of Kiev. As the sun rose, the devastation was clear to see, the mall is now in ruins, with rescue workers still desperately searching for survivors. To the south, in strategic sea port of Mariupol, more carnage this time on a scale of anywhere else. An estimated ninety percent of city’s buildings have been damaged or destroyed. And yet, Ukraine rejected Russia’s demand to surrender the city at dawn. As the street battles rage on, residents continue to suffer unimaginable horror. For the living, little food, no power and scarcely any medical supplies. And for the dead, some still lie in the streets, while others buried in shallow graves by the side of roads. Despite the horror being inflicted across Ukraine, Russia’s invasion has largely in stalled, what’s been described as a bloody stalemate. Tonight, ten million Ukrainians have been displaced since fighting began, with over three and a half million now refugees abroad making this the worst refugee crisis Europe has seen since World War II.
