---
title: CBS Evening News 01.21.22
date: 2022-01-22 16:36:19
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A massive winter storm is bearing down on the Southeast bring snow, **sleek** and freezing rain. The big concern tonight is ice, causing white spread power outages and states of emergency have been declared in the Carolinas and Virginia ahead of the storms. We will get the forecast in just a moment, but we want to begin with the B administration 	and their latest foreign policy crisis, a rising tension with Russia. Secretary of State B today describing this moment as critical, as he sat down with his Russian counterpart over the situation in Ukraine. With Putin continuing to **amass** troops on the border. The US and its allies are sending more weapons to Kiev. Now the US has Harry S. Truman aircraft carrier and its strike group moved into the region to participate in NATO’s exercise. Both sides left the high-stake meeting with no break through but they agree to keep talking. 

As the US pursuit a diplomatic solution to this crisis, it says it is not simply a regional dispute between Russia and Ukraine but instead of defending democracy, and stopping Russia from turning its neighbors into poppet states.

The Secretary of States said today the US is defending Ukraine’s freedom. Moscow maintained it has intention of invading Ukraine, but these missile systems are heading to Belarus for military exercises and roughly a hundred thousand Russian troops and their weaponry are already massed close to Ukraine’s border. To the north, east, and south, Russian forces are almost encircling the US’s ally. “We don’t expect a breakthrough.” Said the Russia’s foreign minister today even before the talks began. President V.P. claims Russia re-threatened by the expansion of NATO, the military alliance binding Europe and North America. The US says it’s Moscow that is the aggressor to Ukraine and it's backing the country with training and arms.  

:::tip sleek

- : smooth and glossy as if polished. 光滑的
  
:::

:::tip amass

- : to collect into a mass : GATHER. 召集
  
:::

:::tip marionette

- : a small-scale usually wooden figure (as of a person) with jointed limbs that is moved from above by manipulation of the attached strings or wires. 牵线木偶
  
:::
