---
title: CBS Evening News 12.15.22
date: 2022-12-16 20:13:06
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There are new details about military fighter jet that crashed in Texas including the condition of the pilot. Plus, we got the latest government move that could ban TikTok from all of its employees’ phones. But we are going to begin with the week-long coast to coast storm that has turned deadly, now barreling towards the finish line in the east. Some parts of the US were blanketed in more than two feet of snow. Tonight, blizzard warnings are posted across the Northern plains and upper Midwest while millions of Americans from the mid-Atlantic to New England are getting a treacherous blast of ice and now. In the south, a massive cleanup is underway after a swarm of deadly tornadoes, twenty-one in Louisiana alone, carved across at least four states and more than one hundred and fifty thousand homes across the storm zones are without power tonight. And crews are working around the clock to get the lights and heat back on. 

Homes across Louisiana are splintered like this one. And here in the New Orleans area, this is the second tornado families have dealt with just this year. They tell us this EF-2 moved quickly leaving them traumatized. The tornado took their roof and shattered most windows. They had just bounced back from Hurricane Ida last year. The tornado outbreak had produced at least forty twisters across the south this week, mostly in Louisiana. In Saint Charles Parish, one woman was killed and eight others hurt when a tornado struck their neighborhood. The storm also triggered a dramatic lightening strike near a nursing home in Laplace. And in New Orleans, strong winds knocked out power for thousands of residents. Further north, the same system is producing heavy snow and dangerous blizzard conditions from the Dakotas to the Great Lakes. Three people were killed near Sioux Falls when a driver lost control. More than two feet of snow fell in Duluth, Minnesota, not a problem for these surfers on a frigid Lake Superior. Now Louisiana is under a state of emergency tonight, and while touring area damage today, the governor said based on the level of destruction. It’s remarkable more people were not hurt.
