---
title: CBS Evening News 02.10.22
date: 2022-02-11 19:44:37
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re here in London watching the largest troop deployments in Europe since World War Ⅱ British Prime Minister warning **ominously** today that they’re facing the most dangerous moment in decades. And this news just coming in, US State Department urging Americans to get out of Ukraine now. The growing frustration over the pandemic and the anger over mandates that now has turned into protests. Protests, which are now threatening already fragile supply chain. The B administration telling CBSN that they are working with their Canadian counterparts to resolve border blockages. And the new statement tonight from a group calling themselves the People’s Convoy just announced plans to rally on California on March 5th and then head east to D.C. that following day. 

We’re learning that if one of those protests happening in the US, law enforcement is going to be focused on protecting people’s right to protest, but also preventing disruptions across major cities around the United States. What is disrupted tonight, anything trying to cross this bridge, and that includes an awful lot of commerce. Tonight, the trucker blockade in Canada is growing, with vaccine mandate protests closing border crossings in three provinces, bordering Michigan, North Dakota and Montana. In Detroit, the Ambassador Bridge remains closed for a fourth day, cutting off about twenty five percent of all trade between the two countries. Michigan’s governor demanded the Canadian government open the bridge. GM, Ford and Toyota are among several automakers forced to cut production at several plants in the US and Canada, as far away as Kentucky, due to a lack of parts. At MBH Trucking outside Lansing, these trailers are parked instead of making their cross-border runs. The cross Canada protests started nearly two weeks ago. In Ottawa, authorities have still not been able to get the trucks off the streets. Police are now asking for help clearing out the protesters. There are new concerns that a similar trucker convoy could start this weekend at the Super Bowl. CBSN learning tonight that the Department of Homeland Security is surging additional staff to its incident command post there. And it’s not just automakers feeling the impact. The White House is acknowledging tonight, that significant disruptions are being felt by a number of businesses and industries. 

:::tip ominous adj

- : suggesting that something bad is going to happen in the future. 不祥的

:::

:::tip quagmire noun

- : soft miry land that shakes or yields under the foot. 沼泽

:::

:::tip protract verb

- : to prolong in time or space : CONTINUE. 延长

:::
