---
title: CBS Evening News 03.03.22
date: 2022-03-04 17:58:05
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, as the war in Ukraine enters the second week, Russian troops are surging into the country, a senior Defense Department official tells CBSN that ninety percent of the forces that were at the border have now been deployed into battle. Russian troops have stepped up their brutality with an increased bombardment in major cities and civilian areas. Missile strikes are targeting residential neighborhoods, as entire apartment buildings have been leveled. And a shocking revelation speaking in Vienna today, an US government official said the US had credible information that the Russians were keeping lists of Ukrainians to be killed or sent to camps following their military occupation. The humanitarian crisis deepens as Ukraine surpasses the grim milestone of more than one million refugees who have fled across the border to neighboring countries in the last week. The US Ambassador to the United Nations suggests the number could increase to five million before it’s over.

President V.Z. once again pleaded for more international supports today, asking once again for US and NATO propose a no-fly zone here saying if not, at least please send me some planes. Civilians once again bore the brunt of Russia’s full-scale assault with missiles slammed into residential neighborhoods in the northern city of Chernihiv. Emergency services say at least thirty-three people were killed. A dashcam video captured the moment of multiple rockets shattered homes on city streets. With the sheer destruction from Russia’s bombardment now stretching for miles across several cities, we’re learning more about massive explosions that lit up the sky here just as we finished last night’s reporting. The military said its defense system intercepted at least two Russian missiles midair before they could strike their intended targets in the city. While Russian troops have taken control of the port city of Kherson, they are closing in fast on Mariupol. Today, President P did acknowledge Russian military is taking casualties, and promised fifty thousand dollars for the families of fallen soldiers. The Pentagon says the Russians have launched more than four hundred eighty missiles since the invasion began. Today, President B accused Russian forces of firing on civilians indiscriminately.
