---
title: CBS Evening News 12.07.22
date: 2022-12-08 18:37:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, CBSN has learned that new threats of a copycat attack on American infrastructure like the one that knocked out power to thousands in North Carolina. And we are just getting new information from police in that case of the four college students who were murdered. Investigators are now look into information about a specific kind of car. We do want to begin with new classified document. Lawyers for D.T say they discovered material while searching a storage unit in West Palm Beach, Florida. The items were reportedly found among the mix of boxes, gifts, suits and clothes including swords and wrestling belts. This is raising questions about what is means for the ongoing special counsel investigation. 

Four months after the FBI seized records marked classified from Mar-a-Lago, still more documents marked classified are surfacing. This time, at a storage unit used by the former President in Florida. An US official confirmed to CBSN representatives of former President D.T alerted the FBI they recovered yet another set of potentially sensitive document this time at a storage facility in West Palm Beach. The officials confirmed inside a sealed box, there were two documents with classified markings adding to more than three hundred sensitive documents found this year. This revelation is the first indication classified materials might have been held or might steal beyond sight at other T’s properties. The search has reportedly conducted around Thanksgiving at three other locations, the president’s golf club, T Tower in New York and storage facility at T’s Mar-a-Lago estate. The FBI seized thirty-three boxes of records on August 8th in Mar-a-Lago including records that were supposed to be in hands of National Archives. Last month, the Justice Department appointed Special Counsel J.S to oversee the growing probe to those documents. T has downplayed the importance of procedure but critics say mishandling of these records could have allowed highly sensitive material falling to the wrong hands. Last week, appeal court overruled T’s request for independent special master to review some of the papers seized from Mar-a-Lago which had slowed the investigation though T could still appeal that decision. The investigation into him grows in accelerates. 
