---
title: CBS Evening News 04.13.22
date: 2022-04-14 17:29:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re learning tonight that the alleged gunman reportedly called the cops on himself and told them to get him from a McDonald in Manhattan. Now locked up, there is a sigh of relief in the Big Apple after nearly thirty-hour manhunt. We have a new video tonight of Frank James leaving a New York City **precinct** and being transfer to federal custody. And this just in, he will appear on court for the first time tomorrow. James is accused of shooting ten people, injuring more, five of the victims are students heading to schools, luckily no one was killed. Authority says tonight there is no indications that James ties to any terror organizations. And while the motive remains unclear, there is a trail of profanity-laced rants on social media videos that were allegedly posted by James.

This exhausted manhunt is finally come to an end as James is arrested, just a few miles from the subway station here where the shooting happened yesterday morning. As it turns out, he wanted to be arrested as law enforcement sources tell the Associate Press that he actually called the police to come pick him up. Sixty-two years old Frank James, New York City’s most wanted man in the last day of a half, was arrested this afternoon on a street corner in Manhattan’s east village. James had been wanted since yesterday morning’s subway shooting, led more than twenty people injured including ten from gun shots. Surveillance video shows the alleged gunman entered the subway station early the morning of the attack, wheeling the same black cart that was later recovered from the scene. Official says James is the man who donned the gas mask, detonated smoke bombs and fired thirty-three shots in a packed subway car. After the attack, police say James slipped onto another train car, rode one stop and escaped, sparking a multi-state manhunt. But police did recover some important evidences on the scene, including a nine-millimeter gun, three extended magazines, a hatchet, gasoline and four smoke grenades. They also found bank cards and a key to this U-Haul investigators say James had rented. The search of the van turned up a heater, some clothing and blankets they believe he spent at least one night sleeping in the back. His arrest record spans at least fifteen years in several states includes nine **misdemeanor** arrests in New York between 1992-1998 for possession of burglary tools and criminal sex act. Police say he purchased the gun used in attack from an Ohio **pawn** shop in 2011. But the serial number had been scratched out when it was recovered from the scene. Investigator described James a lone wolf, posted hours of racist, violent rants on YouTube, including ones against the mayor. During the investigation which is ongoing, authorities say they searched storage unit in Philadelphia which is registered to James finding among other things like silencer, ammunition, AR-15 and 9mm weapons. James is facing several charges including terrorism against the mass transit system and if convicted, he could face up to life in prison.

:::tip precinct

- : a division of a city for police control. 警署

:::

:::tip misdemeanor

- : a crime less serious than a felony. 轻罪

:::

:::tip pawn

- : something delivered to or deposited with another as security for a loan. 典当

:::
