---
title: CBS Evening News 12.16.22
date: 2022-12-17 20:41:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news coming in about the congressional investigation into January 6th. And it involves possible criminal referrals against D.T. We’ve also just gotten new alarming new data about how severe this flu season has already been. But we are going to begin with final blast of the ice and snow from the massive storm system that emerged on the west coast a week ago. It is now hammering the upper Midwest, upstate New York and northern New England. Power to tens of thousands of homes and businesses has been knocked out, all of this before much of the US falls into what could be a historic deep freeze just in time for the holidays. 

The snow is still falling here in Windham about three hours North of New York City with another four inches of snow expected tonight. The roads here are treacherous. And by the looks of this, empty street, minus the occasional snowplow, pretty much everyone is opting to stay home. A blast of wintry weather just in time for the holidays. About a foot of snow falling in Greene County north of New York City. And in Connecticut, the plows were working fast to keep up with falling snow. Vermont saw more than a foot in some places with 10 inches turning New Hampshire into a winter wonderland. This coast-to-coast storm dumped four feet of snow in South Dakota. The blizzard stranding travelers at a truck stop motel. In North Dakota, skies were used to traverse the snow-packed roads. With thirty inches snow on the ground on more to come in parts of Minnesota, people are digging out while they can. Even when the snow clears out, icy roads remain. The National Weather Service issued a lake effect snow warnings for the Buffalo, New York area predicting one to three feet of snow this weekend. Forecasters say wind gusts up to thirty-five miles per hour could make roads dangerous there too. 
