---
title: CBS Evening News 05.03.22
date: 2022-05-04 21:28:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are here at Supreme Court ahead of what could be seismic shift in American law, politics and society, as tonight, nation’s highest court confirmed the authenticity of this leaked draft decision of a ruling that could overturn abortion precedent in this country, you can hear the protest behind me. What this all means? This could mean striking down Roe V. Wade after nearly fifty years a decision that has cost fierce divides and legal battles in the decades since.  But the court also stressing tonight that the opinion is not final until it’s officially delivered. And the Chief Justice J.R calling the release of this secret document an **egregious** breach of trust. It’s unprecedented in our nation’s history. Reaction to the news is intense. You’re looking at pictures of the protests behind me. And what this means depends on where you live. Take a look at this map, thirteen states have what’s called a trigger law that would ban nearly all abortions if Roe is overturned. Thirteen more states are poised to outlaw or restricted the procedure. The unprecedented leak send shockwave to Washington. Protestors clashed outside the Supreme Court. Amid increased security at the court, Chief Justice J.R released a statement calling the leak betrayal, intended to undermine the integrity of our operations, and ordering an investigation into the source. Confirming its authenticity, the court said the opinion does not represent the final decision of any member. Leaked to Politico, the ninety-eight-page opinion to overturn Roe V. Wade is the first draft, dated February 10th in a case challenging Mississippi’s fifteen week ban on abortion. Written by Justice S.A says Roe was egregiously wrong from the start, it’s time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives who can decide whether or not to restrict it. Four conservatives justices reportedly voted in the majority. It’s not clear whether R would have allowed Mississippi law to stand without overturning Roe. If the draft holds, it would represent a triumph for the anti-abortion movement, which has marched for life every year since the court’s landmark 1973 a decision that abortion was constitutional rights, the states could not ban. The court in 1992 was one vote away from overturning Roe. Over the next thirty years, that goal was Republican campaign promise. With Justice T on record opposing Roe, President G.W.B nominated A. A decade later, after the death of Justice A.S, then majority leader M.M blocked President O from filling the seat, giving the former President T the opportunity to nominate G and later K and B. Like with every Supreme Court confirmation hearing since Roe, all were pressed for their views.

:::tip egregious

- : conspicuously bad : FLAGRANT. 极坏的
  
:::
