---
title: CBS Evening News 02.13.22
date: 2022-02-14 16:48:23
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, President B told Ukraine’s President that the United States and its allies would respond quote “swiftly and decisively” to a new Russian invasion into the country. Diplomatic efforts to defuse the crisis are ongoing but the US warned that the attack is expected and soon. This weekend some airliners began to suspending flights in Ukrainian airspace. Today, a charter jetliner carrying more than US troops from the 82nd airborne division arrived at Poland to bolster NATO presence there.

President B and S spoke about an hour by phone today, and both men agreed for continue diplomacy with Russia, but tonight CBSN has learned that B administration is preparing to pull all US personnel out of Kiev in the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours. With almost all the forces it would need deployed Ukraine’s borders, National advisor J.S. said today a Russian invasion could happen at any time. The US has threatened unprecedented economic and political consequences. But so far that threat hasn’t stop Moscow’s massive military buildup. Saturday’s phone call between President B and P produced no major breakthroughs. The State Department has told all Americans in Ukraine to leave the country immediately. But the streets of capital are calm, and President V.S. said the biggest threat to his country is panic. Here in Kiev, life is carrying on pretty much normal with most Ukrainians believing it’s the Kremlin wants them to live in fear, something they refuse to do. But the US says if Russia makes some moves, Kiev will be at risk. A full-scale invasion would come from the North, isolated the capital and other major cities. The east where most of Ukraine’s army is located and the south, where Russian is beginning live fire exercises, that blanket almost the entire coast. 
