---
title: CBS Evening News 11.01.22
date: 2022-11-02 18:11:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
First, we’ve learned new details about the break-in at the home of Speaker N.P where her husband P was violently assaulted with a hammer. Members of P’s family are expected to soon hear audio from the 911 call from P and see body cam footage from that very night. Today, the suspect, D.D made his first court appearance and pleaded not guilty to a litany of charges, including attempt of murder, assault with a deadly weapon and elder abuse. The forty-two-year-old was allegedly targeting the House Speaker and wanted to hold her hostage and break her kneecaps. Also tonight, Capitol police are warning they need more resources to provide additional layers of security for members of Congress. 

Tonight, there is an increase security present here outside the home as we have watched family gathered around inside. Meanwhile, the suspect faced a judge today, showing signs of the alleged attack. In a packed San Francisco courtroom, D.D wearing an orange jumpsuit with a black sling on his right arm was described as emotionless as the judge denied bail. The criminal complaint describes how D.D, who had a history of pushing far-right conspiracy online told investigators he was going to hold N.P hostage and had planned to break her kneecaps if she lied to him. As police arrived early Friday morning. D swung the hammer towards P.P saying he was taking the punishment instead. The Speaker visited her husband this morning who is said to be recovering well. And sources tell CBSN that the P family will review 911 calls and video from that night as early as tomorrow. Meanwhile, the suspect could face up to fifty years if found guilty. 
