---
title: CBS Evening News 07.12.22
date: 2022-07-13 20:49:50
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with breaking news. Tonight, we’re getting an excruciating look inside Robb Elementary School, where nineteen children and two teachers were gunned down during the last days of school. The Austin American-Statesman Newspaper published parts of the security video, removing the sounds of kids screaming. But what’s easy to hear, is the noise from the hundreds of rounds fired by the shooter. In the difficult-to-watch surveillance video, we see the gunman entered the school at 11:30 AM local time. And then police officer from multiple agencies waiting to confront and stop the gunman in a classroom nearby. It wasn’t until 12:50 PM, an hour and seventeen minutes later, when police finally confronted the man who carried out the massacre. 

For the first time, you’re seeing the horrifying moments the gunman entered Robb Elementary in Uvalde. The gunman walking down an empty hallway stopping to fire into classrooms. A student spots the shooter as he rounds the corner and runs away. Three minutes later, the first police enter the building. They’re shot at by the gunman, and they runaway. The video released by Austin American-Statesman then jumps to nineteen minutes later. Now, there’s even larger and more heavily armed police present. But still, no entry to the classrooms where the gunman fired more than one hundred rounds, killing nineteen children and two teachers. It is difficult to watch. For long periods of time, officers stand in the hallway. One officer walking over to a wall-mounted hand sanitizer in the midst of carnage. At seventy-seven minutes into the edited video, the breach is made into the classroom, and a barrage of gunfire can be heard. The release has been part of a fight between numerous government officials and agencies, including the Uvalde district attorney who opposed it. Those calling for its release, including victims’ families hoped it would help explain the delayed response and why officers put their own safety ahead of those children. But tonight, it has only raised more questions. That video was supposed to be shown to the families and the communities first on Sunday. That was the plan by the Texas legislative committee investigating. Tonight, the head of Texas Department of Public Safety says he is deeply disturbed that they did not get to see it first.
