---
title: CBS Evening News 08.01.22
date: 2022-08-02 19:54:44
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B just announced the successful counter terrorism strike that killed top Al Qaeda leader A. over the weekend. This is a significant blow to the terror group. His death means that all top plotters behind the 911 terror attacks are either dead or captured. A. took over as the leader of Al Qaeda following the 2011 raid that killed B.L. The former senior military official describes the decade-long hunt for O.L’s successor as unfinished business, adding that the leader quote “haunted the US for as long as he remain alive”. 

President B said the drone strike that took out A. was the result of months of surveillance and planning. A. has been the leader of Al Qaeda for more than a decade ever since O.L killed by US Seal in Pakistan in 2011. But even before he took over, A. helped to plan 911 attack and other terror attacks on Americans. He was seventy-one years old, a doctor who was born into a prominent family. It was his family’s decision to relocate to a housing that tipped off US officials who monitored the home for months before strike. The operation comes after nearly one year after the US’s last forces and diplomats left Afghanistan, bring out faster than intended after the government and military fell to the advancing Taliban. The Taliban not happy about this operation. A senior military official says it was two held-fire missiles from unmanned drone that took out A as he stood on a balcony of the home in Kabul, a deliberate choice that was made they say in order to preserve the structural integrity of building and spare the lives of the civilians inside. 
