---
title: CBS Evening News 10.27.22
date: 2022-10-28 18:52:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we return to a community still in pain, still searching for answers and still wondering why it took police more than an hour to enter the classroom where a gunman was murdering fourth graders. At a hearing today, families had their first face to face confrontation with Texas Public Safety Chief. He is the one in-charge of the dozens in State troopers who waited in the hallway during the deadliest elementary school shooting in a decade. Today, Colonel S.M admitted his officers made mistakes but defiantly refuse to step down. Grieving family members told M he has disgraced the state of Texas. 

Family members say the lack of information and accountability now five months after the shooting makes them feel like they are being victimized all over again. Angry family of Uvalde victims demanding the resignation of DPS Director S.M. M previously said he would step down if any of his officers had culpability in the botched response. One trooper, J.M was fired last week for his inaction and others are under investigation. M can be seen in this body cam video obtained by a San Antonio station. The video also contains audio of unidentified officers concerned about their own safety while the gunman was inside with the children. But in today’s hearing his first public comments since June, M was defiant. M today said the DPS investigation is continuing and will be presented to district attorney by year’s end. 
