---
title: CBS Evening News 06.04.22
date: 2022-06-05 21:53:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the latest on the nationwide baby formula shortage. Today, Abbott, the largest baby formula manufacture announced that production has resumed at its plant in Sturgis, Michigan for the first time since February. But boosting supplies in stores is a whole other matter. It’s an urgent matter for parents and more recently, for the President. The reopening of that plant is significant. But it’s not an immediate fix. Abbott says it’s going to start with what it calls special metabolic formulas. And those go to doctors and hospitals, not directly to consumers. So, you won’t see them on stores’ shelves. Meanwhile, across the country almost seventy-four percent of those shelves are empty. Ten states are nearly ninety percent out of baby formula. The B administration says it’s doing everything it can. Last night, the President tweeted US has secured another thirty-three million bottles of formula from Nestle, that means a hundred and twenty-seven million bottles are heading to stores soon. But when that factory does start back up production of more standard direct to consumer formula, it's going to take several weeks before you see it in the grocery store. And that’s not going to help moms and dads and families who need to feed those infants right now. 

So, the Bs were whisked away to a fire station to wait while this small aircraft made an incursion into the restricted airspace above their beach house. Now the Secret Service says the pilot wasn’t answering on the radio, the plane was escorted out of the area. A CBSN producer saw fighter jets nearby. Secret Service says there was no immediate threat to the First Families, precautions were taken, and they are interviewing the pilot, just to be safe.

To South Florida now where a storm dumped nearly a foot of rain causing widespread flash flooding and danger.
