---
title: CBS Evening News 09.28
date: 2022-09-29 18:52:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, the state of Florida is being pummeled by Hurricane Ian. The massive category four storm made landfall this afternoon with winds at a hundred and fifty miles per hour. But at this hour, Ian is a still dangerous category three hurricane. Ian slammed shore of north of Fort Myers with dangerous winds and catastrophic storm surge. Tonight, hurricane Ian is dumping tremendous amounts of rain along the I-4 quarter. The National Weather Service says Ian has already dropped eighteen inches of rain. Ian has knocked out power to nearly two million customers throughout the state. 

The sheriffs are telling us that their phone lines are flooded with 911 calls of people trapped in their homes by water and the deputies are going out to rescue them. This as this massive storm continue to pound Florida’s Gulf Coast. This was Fort Myers as Hurricane Ian made landfall this afternoon. What was ??? now underwater, with fears of more catastrophic flooding to come. In twenty four hours this before and after photos show the worsening conditions. ??? island was among the first fields Ian as it came to shore, causing major flooding. Residents were among two and half million people who were told to evacuate, some chose to stay. As Ian came on shore, it overturned homes and submerged cars. In Naples, a fallen trees downed powerlines sparked fires and made roads impassable. Several counties in the path of the storm issued emergency curfews starting tonight. Here in Bradenton, we expect a storm surge of seven to ten feet. 
