---
title: CBS Evening News 01.30.22
date: 2022-02-02 21:07:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
For millions of people, the weekend was a whiteout. A powerful nor’easter swept from Virginia to Maine, bringing blizzard conditions to many areas and leaving a trails of power outages. Fortunately, the damage is not extreme, but Massachusetts bore the brunt of the storm’s fury. Boston is now recovering from one of the biggest snow storms in its history. 

The relentless all-day snow storm buried Boston and most New England. Today the city emerged and began to dig out. Homes were encased in a shell of snow and ice when the sun rose in Massachusetts. Sea spray froze on the houses as hurricane-force winds lashed the East Coast. The ferocity forcing some residents to evacuate. On Cape Cod, the storm left this house hanging by a thread. And on flooded Nantucket, homes are underwater. The storm brought snow from South Carolina to Maine, including two feet in Boston. It was one of the city’s biggest single day January snowfalls on record. New York is digging out from more than twenty inches in some areas, while temperatures in the teens are creating a new danger. Three people died on New York’s long island while shoveling snow. Meanwhile here in Boston, schools will reopen tomorrow, people will return to work. So, the work continues on the roads to make sure they are clear and ready to go. 

Covid new cases topped five hundred thousand on Saturday. That’s downed thirty-three percent over the last two weeks. New infections here in LA County have dropped nearly fifty percent. A sigh of relief this weekend as the Omicron surge starts to stabilize in cities nationwide. Covid deaths skyrocketed eighty-six percent since new year but new infections and hospitalizations are now dropping. And there’s some welcome optimism on the new variant front. Former FDA commissioner says it appears vaccine could fight the stealth variant BA.2. The nation is eager for normalcy, San Francisco will be the first city to roll back its indoor mask mandate starting Tuesday. And in Arkansas where masking isn’t required, Governor is calling for a whole new mindset. 

:::tip tamp

- : to put a check on : REDUCE, LESSEN. 平息，降低
  
:::

:::tip gratification

- : a source of satisfaction or pleasure. 满意
  
:::

