---
title: CBS Evening News 12.04.22
date: 2022-12-05 20:49:49
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The state of Georgia is once again at the center of a pivotal battle in American politics. It’s where the last undecided Senate race of the Midterm Elections will be determined. In a runoff between Democrat R.W and Republican challenger H.W. Right now, more than 1.8 million ballots have already been casted in early voting. 

This runoff won’t change the balance of the power in the Senate, but it will decide which party has greater influence in the chamber as Senator W and H.W are both making their closing cases to voters about why they deserve the job. After clinching the SEC championship this weekend, legendary Georgia running back H.W is hoping to follow the Bulldog’s win over LSU with a victory of his own Tuesday. Georgia wins by twenty points. But it’s unlikely Tuesday’s Senate election margin will be any where near that. Either candidate made the required fifty percent threshold on November 8, forcing the race into overtime. Since then, the state has been bombarded with ads, campaign volunteers and out of town visitors. The current president and his predecessor stayed away during the runoff. But one president who did return to Georgia, B.O as both candidates have faced questions about their past. Most recently, the Republican challenger has been hit with new allegations of domestic abuse to revelations of tax records indicating his primary home is in Texas, not Georgia. 
