---
title: CBS Evening News 11.19.22
date: 2022-11-20 19:14:27
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The snow keeps piling up in western of New York, following a historic and life-threatening storm. But we begin in Raleigh, North Carolina. Today, it was the city’s Christmas parade, where during the celebration disaster struck. A driver pulling a parade flow lost control, crushing into a dance crew killing one child. 

A runaway truck turned a Christmas parade in Raleigh, North Carolina into a horrific scene. It started when this pickup truck, pulling a parade float lost control. First, it slowly pushes through the crowd, some performers scattered. But there is confusion, many don’t realize what’s happening. Then the truck picks up speed and strikes a young girl killing her. Bystanders and police officers jumped into action, chasing after the truck and physically forcing it to stop. Witnesses say they thought it was an accident. The driver was honking to warn others that the truck was out of control. Police say the driver is cooperating and facing multiple charges including misdemeanor death by motor vehicle and reckless driving.

To New York state now where at least two people are dead following a historic storm. Snow fall totals are staggering. More than six feet and counting in Buffalo. The deep freeze being felt across a wide swath of the country. This is the Bill Stadium Orchard Park. It is the hardest hit town in western New York.
