---
title: CBS Evening News 01.17.22
date: 2022-01-18 19:21:07
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
While many of you are dealing with that powerful winter storm, we want to begin with new information about that horrifying hostage situation at a Texas synagogue. Tonight, the FBI is calling what happened a terror-related, anti-sematic attack. The man who held four people captive was a British national and police in UK had detained his two teenage sons because they spoke with their father on the very day of incident. Also breaking tonight, CBSN has learned that the department of homeland security is sending a memo to local law enforcement warning that faith-related communities will likely be the target of future violence. 

Sources telling CBSN the suspect was not known to the US intelligence officials but we’re learning he did take a flight from New York here to Texas. We’re also learning more about the high-stake standoff as hostages are starting to speak out for the first time. 

Appearing on CBS Mornings, R.C. described the tense of the eleven-hour standoff at synagogue, and the man claimed to be homeless was taking them hostage. Sources tell CBSN, forty-four years old M.F.A was a British citizen who arrived at JFK airport about two weeks ago, making his way to Texas, he stayed in the homeless shelter and somehow obtained a gun. Today, one of the hostages says M.F.A claimed he targeted the synagogue because of its proximity to A.S. the convicted terrorist with suspected ties to Al-Qaeda. He demanded her release from a Texas prison as the FBI rescue team flew in from Quantico, Virginia. We just learned that the suspect paid cash for his flight, and he traveled alone. We also learned that federal agents are going to the homeless shelters to talk to people. They want to find out what he did while he was there, and more importantly, how he was able to get his gun.

:::tip hiatus

- : a break in or as if in a material object : GAP. 中断
  
:::

:::tip spout

- : to speak or utter readily, volubly, and at length. 滔滔不绝地说
  
:::

:::tip elude

- : to avoid adroitly : EVADE. 逃避，躲避
  
:::
