---
title: CBS Evening News 01.02.22
date: 2022-01-03 18:40:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As the long holiday wraps up, some travelers are literally at a standstill. More than twenty-four hundred flights have been canceled today alone, that’s according to FlightAware, a website that tracks air travel. On the ground it’s not much better with severe weather adding to the travel **woes**.

Omicron and storms are making it a struggle for millions of Americans to get homes. Drivers are delayed and fliers are frustrated on this record travel day. The rush to return home is turning into a day of disruptions. Americans are facing full freeways and jam-packed airports with that weather and Omicron fueled staff shortages giving travelers a holiday headache. Holiday air travel is up a hundred and eighty-four percent from 2020. This is flight delays and cancellations piled up across the country. At Chicago’s Midway International Airport, winter weather forced more than half of flights to be scrapped. J.S. of AAA says holiday road is also near pre-pandemic level. From 2020 it jumped about twenty-eight percent, even as packed roads and dangerous wet and icy conditions slow many down. Those record-breaking travel numbers are stressing many Americans trying to get home. And experts say pandemic fatigue is one reason why so many people are hitting the road, Omicron could change those numbers in the coming days and weeks. 

A federal judge ruled that President B cannot require teachers in federal Head Start early education program to be vaccinated against Covid. The ruling is considered as a victory for the twenty-four states that sued the B administration. Meanwhile the surge in the Omicron variant of the coronavirus shows no signs of slowing down. 

:::tip woe

- : ruinous trouble : CALAMITY, AFFLICTION. 不幸事件，灾难
  
:::
