---
title: CBS Evening News 02.27.22
date: 2022-02-28 19:17:30
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the Pentagon is criticizing V.P.’s decision to put his nuclear forces on high alert as quote “unnecessary and escalatory”. This as the US and European allies seek to further punish Russia for its invasion of Ukraine. That includes tough financial sanctions and new flight bans. Still, Russian forces are pushing deeper to Ukraine, resistance has reportedly been fierce and in some places fighting street to street. But Russia forces are advancing, these new satellite images you see there show columns of military equipment forty miles hours outside the capital of Kiev and closing in. Today Ukraine’s President V.Z. agreed to negotiation with Russian officials without preconditions. As the fighting rages, the United Nations reports nearly four hundred thousand people have fled the country, most of them women and children. 

In just a few short days, Ukraine has transformed to a war zone. One Russian missile hit an oil depot on the outskirt of capital Kiev early this morning according to Ukrainian officials. And in Kharkiv, just twenty miles from the Russian border, there’s been fighting on city streets. The Ukrainian authority said today they were still in control. Yesterday in Kiev, the battle came very close to us, we were inside a private hospital which is now canceled all elective surgeries. Instead, Doctor P told us, they prepared to treat combat injuries. Ukraine’s resistance has been determined, and may have taken Moscow by surprise. Ukrainian volunteers have taken up arms, and made Molotov cocktails at the request of their government. Many Ukrainians have been living in subterranean existence, sleeping in subway stations to shelter from Russian missiles and airstrikes. And nearly four hundred thousand have already fled the country according to the United Nations. Lines at border crossing stretched for miles. Today, Ukraine’s Foreign Minister said that V.P. has so far failed to achieved any of his goals in this invasion, with Russian forces not getting control any more Ukrainian cities.
