---
title: CBS Evening News 09.21.22
date: 2022-09-22 19:32:46
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the biggest escalation in the war in Ukraine since the invasion itself. Russia’s V.P is threatening nuclear war and warning the west he is not bluffing. It comes as humiliating defeats on the battlefield in Ukraine, and in it move not seen in Russia since World War II, P is calling up hundreds of thousands of reservists. The announcement was met by intense antiwar protesters across Russia with more than thirteen hundred arrests. In another sign of just how unpopular the war has become, one-way flights leaving Russia are selling out. Prices are skyrocketing as people try to flee that country. President B condemned P in his speech before the United Nation’s General Assembly. He accused Russia of violating the core principles of UN.

As many as three hundred thousand Russians face the draft. Those with medical expertise are being conscripted with immediate effect. P’s back is against the wall and he is playing dirty. A sore loser, but a dangerous one, upping the ante by threatening to use nuclear weapons. Both sides are losing men. Today, Russia’s Minister of Defense says nearly six thousand of their soldiers have been killed but according to estimates from the US, Russian casualties are closer to eighty thousand. P is so desperate, he has been reduced to recruiting convicts. The head of the mercenary group, W, was filmed in a prison, offering freedom in exchange for fighting on the frontline. But it’s not going down well at home, resistance to the draft has sparked demonstrations in several cities including Moscow and St. Petersburg. Over twelve hundred protesters have been arrested. As P’s desperation grows, Ukraine’s resolve hardens. They’re not stopping now, fighting with their hearts. P plans on holding referendums in territories seized just east of here, to force through a vote to become part of Russia. This sets the stage for him to claim and attack on any of those regions is insult on Russia. 
