---
title: CBS Evening News 12.26.22
date: 2022-12-27 21:23:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
National drug chains are limiting the sale of over-the-counter children’s medicine amid a wide spread shortage. Plus, the White House accuses Texas Governor G.A of endangering lives when he dropped off busloads of migrants outside of the vice president’s home on a very cold Christmas Eve. More on those stories in just a moment. But first, a state emergency is in effect tonight in New York State following the deadly blizzard that dropped more than four feet of snow in Buffalo. President B spoke with New York Governor C.H to offer federal assistance and the death toll has risen to at least twenty-seven in the Buffalo area and at least fifty-five nationwide. Driving bans remain in place in several parts of Erie County, New York. And at the nation’s airports, chaos while thousands of cancelations and delays leave some travelers stranded. And it’s not over yet, with even more snow and cold in the forecast. 

As snow continues to fall, this unrelenting storm has been called once in generation breaking records in western New York, with winds reaching nearly eighty miles per hour. Buffalo buried in four feet of snow; homes sealed in ice. A whiteout farther east in Waterton, New York, with three inches of snow falling per hour. Among the twenty-seven weather-related deaths were three people who trapped in their cars. A travel ban remains in effect in Buffalo area forcing highways closed for a fourth day. Almost every fire truck in the city was stranded in snow at one point over the weekend. It’s the holiday guest no one wanted. Across the country, the winter blast caused roughly 6.4 million customers to lose power and boil water advisories have been issued in the south, including Memphis, Tennessee and Jackson, Mississippi, after pipes burst in freezing temperatures. Luggage, along with frustration, is pilling up at airport across the country, with thousands more flight delays and cancelations today. Southwest Airlines alone canceled more than sixty seven percent flights Monday. And tonight, Southwest Airlines apologizing for those delays but says it is anticipating what it calls additional changes in the days to come. 
