---
title: CBS Evening News 10.13.22
date: 2022-10-14 18:17:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It was a dramatic ending to what’s expected to be the final Jan.6th hearing, a vote to subpoena former President T to appear before Congress. And it came after shocking new evidence and never before seen video. That video showed congressional leaders at a secure location including House Speaker N.P calling state and federal officials to plead for help. Investigators laid out today in vivid detail why they believe the attack on Capitol was not a spur of the moment decision but a premeditated plan, months in the making to overturn the will of people and the 2020 election. The committee today placed the blame squarely on one person. 

After a year-long investigation and a series of congressional hearings unlike we’ve ever seen before, House select Jan.6th committee voted unanimously to take its probe to the next level, calling former President T the central figure of Jan.6th. With just weeks remaining to finish its work, the House select Jan.6th committee made the stunning move calling on the former President to testify. The committee argued T agitated the crowd then directed them to the Capitol knowing some were armed and angry. In a statement tonight, the former President called the committee a total bust that has only served to further divide our country. Four top T aides defied subpoenas from this committee. But two are being prosecuted for contempt of Congress. 

Well, there is outrage tonight in Florida from the parents of the victims of the Parkland School shooting. A jury spared convicted killer from the death penalty and instead recommended a sentence of life without parole for the 2018 massacre of 17 students and staff.
