---
title: CBS Evening News 01.19.22
date: 2022-01-20 17:19:08
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with president B, marking his first year in office with a news conference as his administration faces a growing list of challenges and setbacks. Just today, Senate democrats are expected to fail in their latest effort to overhaul the nation’s voting laws while the president’s build back better package remain stalled. January has been especially difficult with the supreme court blocking president’s vaccine mandate and the growing tension in Ukraine border. The president addressed the growing threat from Covid and the fast-spreading Omicron variant by assuring Americans that the country will not be returning to lockdowns or the closing of schools. He encouraged states and school districts across the country to use funding to keep schools open. Addressing Russia, the president warned that quote “it will be a disaster for Russia and they will pay a stiff price if they were to invade Ukraine.”.

With his massive social spending plans stalled in the Congress, and voting reform expected to fail, Mr. B argued it’s former president T’s influence that has prevented him from working more with Republicans. Polls also showed declining support for the president’s handling of pandemic, something he’s acknowledged. The administration has been heavily criticized for mixed messaging on mask wearing, announcing today they will send four hundred million N-95 masks to Americans for free starting next week. The lack of available testing has also been an issue. 
