---
title: CBS Evening News 12.28.22
date: 2022-12-29 19:17:07
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We have some breaking news from the B administration, the Centers for Disease Control announced new Covid 19 testing requirements for all airlines passengers traveling from China. Plus, federal and local prosecutors opened investigations to embattle Congressman elect G.S who admitted to lying about his background. And while the death toll rises in Buffalo tonight as it digs out from that monster blizzard, the Western part of the country is now being hit by torrential rain, snow and flooding. By first, travel nightmares continue for thousands of the Southwest Airlines passengers who remain stranded following a meltdown of epic proportions. Southwest canceled thousands more flights today and has already scrubbed more than twenty-three hundred flights on their schedule for Thursday. The company’s CEO says it could take until next week before everything turns back to normal. 

Today, overall, there were more than twenty-eight hundred flights canceled, either within coming in or going out of the US. Eighty seven percent of those cancelations were Southwest Airlines flights. A day filled with challenges for passengers booked to fly on Southwest like sky-high prices for tickets on other airlines. And few available rental cars across the country with Hertz and Enterprise both reporting an increase in demand for one-way rentals. Nothing but tough choices for stranded Southwest passengers who can’t get an agent on the phone. Passengers are entitled to a full cash refund for a canceled flight not just a voucher. But ancillary costs like hotels, rental cars and replacement flights on other carriers are not likely to be reimbursed. 
