---
title: CBS Evening News 08.21.22
date: 2022-08-22 19:03:43
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, millions of Americans from Texas to Louisianan are under threat from flash flooding. Torrential rain as swamping drought-stricken land. Near Flagstaff, Arizona rushing water made the roads unpassable. And this week, there is more rounds of rains to come storms move East. 

It is still extremely dry here in Los Angeles, but across the west and southwest, there is a rush to clean up in the wake of powerful storms that left a muddy mess. Flush flooding in Moab, Utah, turned main street into a river overnight. The sudden **deluge** left some businesses in three feet of water, cut off roads and prompted officials to urge everyone to stay inside. The powerful monsoon storms also caught hikers off guard in Utah Zion National Park where crews are still searching for a missing person. In New Mexico’s Carlsbad Caverns National Park. Heavy rain made roads impassable, leaving more than one hundred tourists stranded for hours. After unprecedented amount of rainfall in one of American driest region causing millions in damage, Death Valley National Park is back open. The downpours aren’t enough to ease the drought that nearly half the US is under including Colorado River. The water shortage is so severe that US officials have ordered mandatory use cuts in Arizona, Nevada and New Mexico. A Colorado River pipeline leak has also prompted a new water ban in parts of LA county already home to some of the toughest water restrictions in the country. 

:::tip deluge

- : : a drenching rain 暴雨
  
:::
