---
title: CBS Evening News 10.25.22
date: 2022-10-26 18:09:13
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Law enforcement is on alert tonight after we learned disturbing new details from the deadly shooting Monday at a high school in St. Louis. Police found a notebook in the gunman’s car, inside, a handwritten note and ultimately, a window into his motive. The nineteen-year-old shooter was a former student. He managed to get inside, even though the building was locked with seven security guards on duty. Two people were killed including fifteen-year-old student and a teacher who was getting ready to retire. Several others were wounded, the gunman was killed by police. Tonight, the school remains closed and riddled with bullets. The community is mourning as survivors deal with the trauma. 

The St. Louis police commissioner said that shooting could have been so much worse because the gunman entered the school fully loaded. Police said that he had ammunitions strapped to his chest, and they even found magazine clips in the stairwells of the school. Police sources say that the evidence collected suggests a high level of pre-planning. Tonight, police said the gunman was carrying an arsenal that could have caused much more damaging and death. Police identified the shooter as nineteen-year-old O.H. He was also armed with more than six hundred rounds of ammunition. Police identified the two victims as tenth grader A.B and sixty-one-year-old J.K. Police say they killed the gunman. Authorities say they found a handwritten note in the gunman’s car with a list of school shootings across the country, adding that he wanted to be the next national school shooter. Police are urging the public to stay alert to the next potential threat. Law enforcement officials are concerning about the potential for copycats, and that’s why they’re asking the public that if you see something say something. According to the FBI, the majority of these cases, people who see signs of trouble before mass shootings often they don’t call police.
