---
title: CBS Evening News 10.06.22
date: 2022-10-07 18:51:35
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with some breaking news. CBSN has learned that the FBI has gathered what it believes is enough evidence to support charging President B’s son H with crime related to his taxes and gun purchases. The FBI has sent the information to the US attorney’s office in Delaware. An attorney for H.B hit back at allegations in a statement. Attorney C.C said it is a federal felony for a federal agent to leak information about a grand jury investigation such as this one. 

Tonight, there is movement to the H.B’s criminal investigation with sources telling CBSN the FBI believes that it has sufficient evidence against the President son. The yearslong federal investigation to H.B’s businesses began before J.B was President. And sources tell CBSN the FBI believes there is enough evidence to prosecute. That evidence was provided months ago by D.W. The US attorney in Delaware was appointed by President T and he is yet to bring charges. Sources tell CBSN the probe explored whether the younger B, his uncle J and other business associates violated tax, money laundering and foreign lobbying laws. Since the early month this year, the probe narrowed focusing on **delinquent** tax payments including income H.B earned as a board member for a Ukrainian energy company. The source close to the President son said he paid off more than a million dollars in past-due taxes. Sources familiar with the probe told CBSN investigators were also looking at allegations that H.B made false statements on a gun registration form, and may have disposed of a gun improperly. A lawyer for H.B called the apparently inherently biased, one-sided and inaccurate, adding their team believes prosecution should not be pressured, rushed or criticized for doing their job. President B maintains he is not being briefed on the case. The President has consistently denied knowledge of his son’s work, but congressional Republicans say they will investigate if they take control the committees after the midterm elections. 

:::tip delinquent

- : offending by neglect or violation of duty or of law 违法的
  
:::
