---
title: CBS Evening News 06.19.22
date: 2022-06-20 17:55:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Well, it’s the news that many parents have been waiting to hear since the start of the pandemic more than two years ago. The first Covid shot for children ages five and under are heading out the door a day after the director of the CDC signed off two vaccines. Here is the new CDC recommendation this weekend “all children six month and up should get vaccinated.” The first shot for the youngest will be available this week.

CDC director R.W says her staff is working over the Juneteenth holiday to make sure doses are available for children under the age of five as soon as Wednesday. Some of the parents we spoke say they are not sure what they are going to do. A sigh of relief for some parents on this Father’s Day. Covid 19 vaccinations will soon be available for millions of children under five. Eighteen million babies, toddlers and preschoolers are now eligible for the shot. Moderna’s vaccine is two doses one month apart. And for Pfizer, it’s three doses over the course of about three months. Today, former FDA commissioner Dr. Scott said low vaccination rates among children are still a concern. Some parents are already resisting the latest recommendations. In a recent survey, less than twenty percent of parents with young kids say they would have them vaccinated immediately. Thirty-eight percent plan to wait and see. Twenty-seven percent said they don’t intend to get their children vaccinated at all. For parents anxiously awaiting for the vaccine, there is hope the added protection will return a sense of normalcy to their lives. Now the B administration has been preparing for the rollout for weeks, allowing states, tribes, community health center and pharmacies to preorder millions of doses. Manufacturing companies can now begin shipping doses across the country. 
