---
title: CBS Evening News 04.29.22
date: 2022-04-30 19:01:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we begin with the tragic news of an American citizen killed fighting for Ukraine. Twenty-two-year-old, W.C, a Marine veteran whose family says join the conflict in March, leaves behind wife and infant son. His widow tells CBSN that he did what not a lot of people would do, sacrifice, leaving home to help other people. Also killed, V.H, a Ukrainian journalist who worked for US founded radio for Europe. She was killed when Russian missiles strike her apartment building during yesterday airstrikes on the capital. And this just in, NATO forces say they scramble jets multiple times over the past four days to track and intercept Russian aircraft getting close to alliance airspace over the Baltic Sea and the Black Sea. And today, President Z announced the discovery of another mass grave on the outskirts of Kiev. Z says more than nine hundred bodies of civilians have been found in mass graves around the capital.

We’ve learned that W.C is killed on Monday while fighting alongside Ukrainian forces. It’s unclear how and where he died. His family hope his body would be found and return back to the United States. He came to fight here and ended up giving his life leaving behind his seven-month-old son, his widow told CBSN today. News of his death comes as Ukrainian forces face down a surge in fighting across the frontlines in the South and East. This video from Russian-backed separatists is said to show what’s left of the Luhansk village of Popasna. A few miles to the North, we followed a volunteer and headed into the ghost town of Lyman to evacuate the few residents still holding out under the bombardment. On the bus, tearful, frighten families tried to comfort one and another as the reality of abandoning the security of homes seems end. The entire city is virtually deserted and these are among last residents to leave. Explosions have been ringing out while we’re here, now is the time for us to leave too. A twenty minutes sprint out of town takes the evacuees to a safer place where buses are waiting to take them further west. With Russian forces bearing down on their town, it’s impossible to know whether they will ever turn home. Now as much as Ukrainian forces are putting up a fight, they are losing ground in certain areas. But there is a sense of that town, the takeover that town is inevitable. Evacuations are also underway in Kharkiv, outside of Kharkiv which is also come under sustain attack.
