---
title: CBS Evening News 03.06.22
date: 2022-03-07 17:02:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Russian forces are intensifying airstrikes and the shelling of cities across Ukraine. Their targets reportedly include civilians. Today, US Secretary of State A.B. said Russia’s actions could constitute a war crime. Today, Ukraine’s President urging resistance with Russian forces closing in on Kiev. And in Russia, new antiwar protests and crackdowns, more than forty-six hundred people arrested in over sixty cities. And tonight, more sanctions targeting Russia from global corporate giants. 

There is no escape from Mariupol. A temporary cease fire that should have allowed the safe of evacuation of as many as two hundred thousand residents was shattered by renewed shelling for the second day in a row, both sides blaming each other for opening fire. The southern port city has been a target of a sustained and merciless Russian bombardment for days. The city’s hospital cannot keep up with the amount of civilian casualties. A young man rushes into the emergency room, cradling his eighteen months old son injured in shelling. Emergency teams do everything they can but the little boy cannot be saved. His mother breaks down in tears almost collapsing in grief and then kisses his child goodbye. Russia’s offensive has gathered pace advancing ever closer to the capital itself, residents are digging in and preparing for the worst. Volunteers provide hot drinks and stew. 
