---
title: CBS Evening News 12.01.22
date: 2022-12-02 20:18:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is new information tonight in the mysterious quadruple murder of those college students in Idaho. And we’re going to get to those middle schoolers that were taken to the hospital in a suspected mass drug overdose. But first here in Washington, lawmakers from both parties coming together tonight to avoid a railroad strike that could have devasting consequences to the US economy. Tonight, the bipartisan bill is awaiting President B’s signature. The legislation will raise wages but the agreement stops short of giving employees seven days of paid sick leave. The move comes amid some good economic news today, the Commerce Department reporting a key inflation rate slowed more than expected. And gas prices keep on falling. A tank of gas is at its lowest since February with Americans paying on average $3.47 per gallon. And GasBuddy is predicting prices could dip below $3 by Christmas. 

This is an economic crisis avoided in the 11th hour. Congress averted the strike late today, but not everyone’s pleased Congress intervened at all or with the end result. One week and one day before the deadline, Congress ordered warded off a gut punch to the US economy. The deal prevents a walk off by one hundred and fifteen thousand railway workers that could have costed the economy two billion dollars a day, snarled holiday shipping traffic and spiking inflation further. President B who had built a record supporting labor union defied some of them by asking Congress to intervene. The deal gives rail workers a twenty four percent raise and five thousand dollars in bonuses for five years but not seven days of paid sick leave which unions had been fighting. President B says he'll sign the bill as soon as it reaches his desk. Acknowledging labor unions aren’t happy about this he says Washington has averted what he called, a Christmas catastrophe. 
