---
title: CBS Evening News 08.11.22
date: 2022-08-12 19:04:39
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the Department of Justice is asking a federal court to unseal the warrant that the FBI used to search the Florida home of former President D.T. Agents were looking for classified documents that may have been illegally taken from the White House. We learned today that investigators first subpoenaed those records this Spring. Fifteen boxes of presidential records were removed by federal authorities earlier this year and returned to the National Archives. Today, Attorney General M.G said a federal court found probable cause to justify the warrant and called on a judge to make those details public. G, the nation’s top law enforcement official said that unusual disclosure would be appropriate because the former President is talking publicly about the search. 

It was an extraordinary moment, an Attorney General who rarely goes before the cameras, speaking out about the Justice Department’s probe about a former President and the FBI search that has jolted the nation’s political scene. Attorney General M.G took ownership of the decision to search former President T’s Florida residence this week. He also announced Justice Department has asked a judge to unseal the search warrant, handed over to former President’s legal team earlier this week when federal agents arrived at T’s home. And the Attorney General asserted it was T who publicize the search. G’s move to unseal the warrant punctuated a politically and legally charged week, as supporters rallied behind the former President, who declare the FBI search part of a witch hunt against him. Left unsaid why exactly FBI agents were authorized to go in, and which documents they took from the residence. The search was part of an ongoing federal investigation into documents T took with him when he left the White House last year. CBSN has learned that former T’s advisors have been questioned in recent months about how the former President dealt with sensitive materials and national security documents during and after his presidency. CBSN confirmed today that this week’s FBI search was proceeded by a grand jury subpoenaed this Spring which led to a June meeting between investigators and T’s lawyers to discuss how documents were taken from the T White House. 
