---
title: CBS Evening News 12.27.22
date: 2022-12-28 18:22:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We have breaking news tonight out of Supreme Court, it ruled Covid 19 border restriction known as Title 42 will remain in effect. Plus, embattled Congressman elect J.S is facing calls to step aside after admitting what he called a little bit of fluff in his resume. But first, we begin with the travel nightmares at the nation’s airports. Bad weather and staff issues have left passengers stranded and luggage piling up. Since Friday, nearly twenty thousand flights have been canceled and almost forty thousand delayed. Southwest Airlines is being hit the hardest accounting for nearly half of the cancelations. And city of Buffalo, New York remains paralyzed for what’s being called the blizzard of the century. Heavy equipment is helping to clear the snow-covered streets as the death toll rises. And on the west coast, the first round from a powerful storm is bringing high wind and drenching rain to Washington, Oregon and California. 

For passengers on Southwest, the nightmare before Christmas has become the meltdown after Christmas. At airports around the country, the writing is on the monitors. Luggage piled everywhere, Southwest passengers stuck in endless lines at the counter and on the phone. On Christmas Day, Southwest canceled nearly half of its flights. On Monday, it was three quarters with nearly its entire scheduled canceled or delayed. And today, over twenty-five hundred more flights canceled, passengers again out of luck so are flight crews. Crews have to call in to their assignments and waiting on hold for hours. Late today, Transportation Secretary P.B weighed in. He says the Department of Transportation isn’t investigating the circumstances that led to this chaos. 
