---
title: CBS Evening News 09.05.22
date: 2022-09-07 15:48:11
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, severe weather is in the forecast for nearly a third of the nation from record heatwaves in the West, floods across the Midwest and South. Right now, a line of storms is moving through the East with heavy rains, thunderstorms and tornado warnings. Flash flooding has closed roadways and stranded drivers in parts of Rhode Island and Massachusetts. In California, temperatures hit triple digits for the sixth straight day as thousands flocked to the beach to beat the hit. Record temperatures have also fueled deadly and destructive wildfires in northern California. The governor there declared a state of emergency in two counties after roads were washed away. As of this as travelers make their way back home following this holiday weekend. 

As hot as it is here, it’s about twenty degrees cooler than many inland cities where for some the hot heat is a health risk. There is no relief from California’s worst heatwave in years. For six days, Californians have been told to power down on electricity in air conditioning. The power grid is close to reaching maximum demand, meaning potential blackouts. The warning of residents, conserve or else. The unrelenting heat is shattering records. Ninety-seven degrees in Newport Beach on Sunday and all time hot one hundred and nine in Long Beach, and one hundred and seven near Disneyland. In northern California, fast moving wildfires destroyed more than one hundred homes near the Oregon border not all evacuated in time. The women ages sixty-six and seventy-three were founded by first responders. And as the West bakes, intense floods hit parts of the South. To avoid getting heatstroke, hydration is key. Experts say if you’re feeling really thirsty, you’re already dehydrated. So, you need to keep drinking water consistently throughout the day. Excessive heat warnings are effect here through Wednesday night. 
