---
title: CBS Evening News 02.15.22
date: 2022-02-16 18:14:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with what is the biggest security crisis between the west and Russia since the end of the Cold War. In his address specifically about the tensions, President B today reviewed a new number Russian troops now encircling Ukraine. A hundred and fifty thousand soldiers. The President says the US stands prepare to respond and that invasion by Putin would rally the world to oppose its aggression. An US official tells CBSN that Russia moved rocket launchers and long-range artilleries into firing positions yesterday. Earlier today the website of Ukraine Defense Ministry Armed Forces and two state owned banks were brought down by a cyberattack. Ukraine’s government released statement suggesting Russians were the perpetrators and expert have long said an electronic warfare could be a **precursor** to invasion. There is deep skepticism here in the White House about that **purported** Russian troops pullback, the President warns, an invasion to Ukraine is still possible. But in a message today for the Russian leaders, give peace a chance. President B said today that he isn’t convinced V.P.’s pulling back Russian troops from the Ukrainian borders. Russian state media today showed what appeared to be some Russian tanks retreated, Putin announced he decided to partially pullback troops. But the US officials called the apparent withdraw a smokescreen. President overviewed there now a hundred fifty thousand Russian troops encircling Ukraine up from one hundred and thirty thousand. The President’s comments came hours after Putin meeting with German Chancellor said he didn’t want war and he wanted to solve the issue as a part of the negotiation process through peaceful means. President B said the diplomacy is still the preferred option, but he made clear, Putin’s demand that Ukraine never become a member of NATO is off the table. Now despite Putin’s claim of pulling back troops and the hopes for diplomatic talks, US officials tell CBSN that an invasion to Ukraine by Russia could still occur maybe this week.

:::tip precursor

- : one that precedes and indicates the approach of another. 先兆
  
:::

:::tip purport

- : to have the often specious appearance of being, intending, or claiming (something implied or inferred). 声称；意图
  
:::
