---
title: CBS Evening News 03.15.22
date: 2022-03-16 17:36:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the third week of the war brought more bombs and destruction and more deaths and despair. Russia’s bombardment of Kiev picked up with nearly constant shelling and airstrikes of residential buildings. A senior defense official says Russia has now fired nearly one thousand missiles. Tonight, Ukrainian President Z will make a direct appeal to Congress for more support. There is also some sad news tonight that more journalists have been killed. Fox news announced the cameraman P was killed during yesterday’s attack injured reporter B who remained hospitalized tonight. Well, the number of refugees fleeing Ukraine has now toped three million, pushing humanitarian aid efforts in neighboring countries like we are in the breaking point. And tonight, the growing list of companies suspending operations in Russia including our own parent company Paramount.

It's a war without rest for the living or the dead. The airway sirens interrupted a funeral for Ukrainian soldiers in the city of Lviv. But now, almost three weeks since the Russian invasion began, these mourners hardly flinch, many now numb to the relentless death. And destruction in Ukraine’s second largest city of Kharkiv more than six hundred buildings have been crushed by shelling since the start of the war. Schools, nurseries, hospitals and homes, this woman can barely be rescued before a Russian jet come back to haunt her. And today, Kiev is once again hit, killing at least four people inside their apartments. The latest violent making it even more stunning that the Prime Ministers from Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovenia are risking their lives to meet Ukraine’s President in the capital. A bold show of support from independents of Ukraine, a country that continues to defy the odds in blood Russia’s offensive despite setback.
