---
title: CBS Evening News 10.07.22
date: 2022-10-08 21:11:24
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B warns that we are closer to a nuclear conflict than at any point since the Cuban missile crisis in 1962. The White House advised that there is no new information that Russia is planning an imminent nuclear attack on Ukraine. But the President’s remark demonstrate that the US is taking V.P’s threats seriously. Especially as events continue to turn against him in Ukraine. Russia’s military continues to lose ground and Russia is losing military-age men as they flee the country to avoid the draft. P has repeatedly reminded the west that nuclear weapons are one of their options in Ukraine. 

The Midterm Election is coming and voters are concerned about stability and continuity in times of crisis might emerge as an issue. Even so, experts we talk to said the risk of Russian using a nuclear weapon in Ukraine is higher and no small measure because senior Russian leaders have said they deserve the right to use their most dangerous weapons and they’re not bluffing. President B ignored questions on his way to a speech in Maryland this morning after warning, in stark terms, of possible nuclear annihilation. Mr. B said Russian V.P having sustained multiple military setbacks in Ukraine has no clear endgame. P has warned recently, he might use weapons of mass destruction. The White House said today that there is no new intelligence suggesting Russia is taking steps to deploy battlefield nuclear weapons in Ukraine. In an interview with BBC, Ukraine’s President V.Z said talk of nuclear warfare should startle the world. In this tense atmosphere, the B administration announced this week it was purchasing larger quantities of a drug used to treat patients in case of a nuclear or radiological emergency. The Department of Health and Human services said this move was part of an ongoing and quote “long planned” preparation strategy. 
