---
title: CBS Evening News 06.20.22
date: 2022-06-21 20:37:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a beautiful day in New York City turned into a nightmare for people and the heart of Manhattan. Police say a yellow cab collided a cyclist before jumping the curb and then striking several people who were eating outside of a bagel shop. Authorities say a group of good Samaritans rushed to help. Six victims including taxi driver were taken into a hospital for treatment. Three people have life threatening injuries. 

The horrific scene played out during a busy lunch hour on this holiday. You can still see the debris in front of that bagel shop where the taxi jumped the curb and plowed into a group of people. In just seconds, a bustling sidewalk in the city’s popular Flatiron District became a scene of carnage and chaos. This yellow taxi turned left and into Broadway and first struck a cyclist, then slowed down before jumping a curb and speeding up, **careening** into a group of pedestrians. Police said the taxi pinned two women against a building wall. Witnesses said a woman was trapped under the car. In all, police said six people were hurt including the taxi driver. Bystanders quickly jumped in to help before a paramedics arrived. One witness said the cab driver crawled out of the car, and appeared disoriented. He was later treated at a hospital. Meantime, the police say that this may have been an accident, but the investigation continues. 

Tonight, airliners are working to get back on track after another weekend of travel nightmare due to weather and staffing shortages. Airlines have canceled more than fifty-three hundred flights and delayed more than thirty-two thousand others since Thursday, leaving passengers frustrated and looking for answers. 

:::tip careen

- : to heel over 倾斜，侧倾
  
:::
