---
title: CBS Evening News 04.21.22
date: 2022-04-22 20:11:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the battle for Mariupol has entered a new stage as Russia’s V.P claiming victory even as he ordered his troops not to take the risk of storming in isolated steel plant. Thousands of troops and innocent civilians remain trapped inside the steel plant in the city surrounded by Russian forces. Putin ordered his troops to seal off the plant to try starving the Ukrainians. Meanwhile, west of Mariupol new satellite images show more than two hundred mass graves with what Ukrainian official estimates are three to nine thousand bodies. President B announcing new funding for Ukraine today, eight hundred million dollars’ worth of aid and military weapons. That includes seventy-two howitzers, ammunition and so-called ghost drones. Those are newly designed for Ukraine to take out high value targets. The Pentagon says these will effectively create five new Ukrainian artillery battalions. The President paraphrased T.R’s message to Russia saying sometimes we will speak softly and carry a large javelin because we’re sending a lot of those.

In his late night address moments ago, President Z said he was grateful to the United States for the new package to support and defense tools for his military and considering the circumstances they can’t get here quickly enough. After pummeling Mariupol for weeks and resistance still holding out. President P ordered forces don’t storm in steel plant but block it off so tightly not even a fly escape. With smoke rising above the complex, about a thousand civilians remain trapped in darken maze of tunnels below it. A young mother says they are running out of food and water and hope. Ukrainian troops are in desperate need of military support pledged by President B today. P’s new ambition, capturing parts of the Eastern Ukraine, across a three hundred miles frontline, including Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second large city. Kharkiv has been the target of constant Russian bombardment since this conflict begin. While we’ve been here, we heard explosion throughout the day. The damage is everywhere. That’s the administration building. The target of one of the first **audacious** rocket attack in the early days of the war. Exhausted resident in the firing line of P’s aim to capture the city.

:::tip audacious

- : contemptuous of law, religion, or decorum : INSOLENT. 粗野的；大胆的
  
:::
