---
title: CBS Evening News 03.30.22
date: 2022-03-31 20:41:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, it is dangerous situation for parts of the US as tornado watches have been issued in at least nine states. The National Weather Service has been busy today, issuing dozens of warnings for twisters and hurricane force wind gusts. Tornados have already hit Arkansas where rescue teams were deployed after an EF2 tornado struck. At least seven people were injured in the town of Springdale and Johnson and the damage is significant, more than one hundred thousand are without power tonight from Texas to Tennessee, and that number is expected to grow. The line of storms will move east tonight and the threat continues through Thursday morning. 

These storms are hitting hard right now, we hear that **eerie** sounds of that tornado warning siren right here in Memphis, and the same thing is happening all across the region. A tornado touching down just outside of Jackson, Mississippi tonight as severe weathers are battering the south. Millions in the path of punishing winds, pounding rain and potentially more tornados. A highly electric line of storms putting on a light show in Kansas, what’s called upward lightning. Wind gusts exceeding one hundred fifteen miles an hour in Arkansas, where seven people were hurt, one critically after a powerful tornado ripped across the region. School damaged in Springdale in the State’s west corner, no one was inside at that time. Several homes and businesses flattened and debris in every direction. In Missouri, a tornado tearing the roof off the D’s home in St. Joseph as the family took cover in the basement. Power lines toppled and trees uprooted from wind gusts topping ninety miles an hour. Across six states, more than a hundred thousand families are without power. A number of States are facing a possibility of tornado both tonight and overnight. Those overnight hours are so dangerous because people tend to be asleep and sometimes miss the warnings.

:::tip eerie

- : so mysterious, strange, or unexpected as to send a chill up the spine. (因阴森怪诞而)引起恐惧
  
:::
