---
title: CBS Evening News 10.05.22
date: 2022-10-06 20:12:02
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President just arrived back here in Washington after getting a first-hand view of devastation in Florida from Hurricane Ian. The President and the First Lady surveyed the damage before meeting with local residents businesses owners and political rivals including Florida’s governor R.D. One week after the category four storm made landfall, residents and businesses were allowed to returned to Sanibel Island for the first time to see what’s left of their homes. Nearly three hundred thousand customers are still without power and many residents still have no access to water. Disaster recovery centers say they distributed more than nine million meals, thirty-four million bottles of water and five hundred generators. 

President B announced that FEMA will extend full reimbursement for debris removal for additional thirty days. That’s important in places like Fort Myers Beach. A week after Hurricane Ian left parts of Southwest Florida in ruins. President B toured the damage by air calling it historic and promised long-term support. The President was briefed by Governor R.D who announced the road to isolated Pine Island had been repaired. Also today, anxious residents of nearby Sanibel Island were allowed back for the first time to check on their homes. Returning to scenes like street after unrecognizable street. To help Floridians get back on their feet, FEMA deployed mobile registration centers to process applications for assistance. More than two hundred thousand families have applied, seeking money for foods, clothing and home repairs. Meanwhile, medical personnel from around the country are staffing makeshift medical units from the Department of Health and Services like this one in Cape Coral, to ease the load on local hospitals. 
