---
title: CBS Evening News 05.23.22
date: 2022-05-25 18:30:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, help for some America’s most vulnerable babies is on the way. But for many families, those store shelves are still missing the formula they need to feed their children. An Air Force cargo plane with thirty-nine tons of hypoallergenic formula landed in Indiana yesterday. And a second flight from Germany will arrive in Virginia on Wednesday. These are the first two flights of Operation Fly Formula as B administration works to ease a nationwide shortage. Meanwhile, regulators in Abbott Nutrition hope to reopen the company’s shuttered Michigan plant next week. But it could take up to two months before that formula is available. 

As desperate families nationwide wait for baby formula to arrive, here in New York City, the mayor issued a state of emergency to prevent price gouging. This massive Air Force C-17 plane landed in the US Sunday, carrying precious cargo, seventy-eight thousand pounds of hypoallergenic formula from Switzerland. The shipment of formula is enough to feed twenty-seven thousand babies and toddlers with an allergy to cow’s milk, about half a million bottles for a week. This batch will not go to store shelves, but instead, hospitals and Doctor’s offices in the most impacting regions. In forty-three states, more than forty percent of formula products were recently out of stock. This comes as Abbott, the largest maker of formula in the country, apologized for worsening the shortage saying “We’re sorry to every family we’ve let down”. The company’s CEO says it expects to resume production at its Michigan plant by the first week of June, and in full production by the end of the month. Getting more formula on store shelves will take ramping up production here at home. The White House has moved two formula makers to the front line for raw ingredients that were held up in the supply chain. Vital ingredients that will help Abbott boost production by thirty percent. 
