---
title: CBS Evening News 01.31.22
date: 2022-02-03 16:04:36
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
This could be a critical week as the threat of war looms in Ukraine. Tonight, President B is warning Russia that it will face swift and severe consequences should it attack, adding that the US and its allies are continuing to prepare for every scenario. The Cold War foes faced off today at a meeting at the UN Security Council. The US called for de-escalation of the largest mobilization of troops and weapons in Europe in decades. And CBSN just learned that Russia just delivered a written response to a US proposal aimed at lowering those tensions. 

Tonight, the Pentagon is seeing increasing Russian military activity all around Ukraine. In fact, that is what led to the showdown at the UN between Russia and the US. Even though President B is still pushing diplomatic solution, he is also clear eyed about the potential for war. The Russian military continues to flex its muscle around Ukraine, holding exercises on land, in the air and on the water. V.P. has denied any interest in invading. Today, President B said the US is ready either way. During a meeting of UN Security Council, Russia blamed the US for provoking escalation. Again, insisting Moscow has no plans to attack. The US ambassador to the UN, L.T.G. demanded to know why then are there more than a hundred thousand Russian troops surrounding Ukraine on three sides. US officials say there is new evidence that Russia intends to expand its presence, to more than thirty thousand troops near the Belarus border. NATO Secretary General warned that Russia may use joint training exercises with Belarus set to begin in ten days as a disguise to attack. Ukraine’s defense minister today celebrated the latest American ammunition shipment, which comes as civilian volunteers across the country. Some with no military experience are training to fight the Russians armed only with these **stand-in** plywood rifles. CBSN has learned that the Pentagon is close to announcing the deployment of US troops based in Europe moving them close to the front lines with Russia. And tomorrow, Secretary of State is set to speak with Russian Foreign Minister when they will almost certainly talk about that new written response. 


:::tip stand-in

- : SUBSTITUTE. 替代品
  
:::

