---
title: CBS Evening News 02.17.22
date: 2022-02-18 20:43:56
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The eyes of the world are on Ukraine tonight. And with close to one hundred and sixty thousand Russian troops still in the attack positions, President B believes that the threat of invasion remains very high. The Defense Secretary today said Russia appears to be setting the stage for war by adding combat aircraft and stocking up on blood supply on the frontlines in case of battlefield casualties. Well tonight, the officials are accusing Russian-backed forces of firing shells at a school in Eastern Ukraine. And in a broadcast exclusive, we are inside that kindergarten. But in the hopes of settling the crisis through the diplomacy, the Secretary of State made unscheduled at United Nations today delivering an impassioned speech and outlining quote, “**theatrical** steps the US thinks the Kremlin may take”.

Those developments you mentioned have the President B and top officials deeply concerned that V.P. is on the **verge** of launching a full-scale invasion. But even as Russian troops inch closer to Ukraine, the B administration is pushing for a diplomatic solution. Tonight, over six thousand American troops are in position in Eastern Europe while the Russian military continues to show off its firepower. The number of soldiers President P has assembled is growing close to one hundred and sixty thousand almost half within thirty miles of the Ukrainian borders. And despite Russian state media showing video of Russian troops withdrawing, Putin has claimed, President B today says he is convinced an invasion is imminent. The President also accused Russia of sparking a so-called false flag operation today in Eastern Ukraine where schools were bombed, but the Ukrainian military and Russian-backed separatist traded blame. Addressing the United Nation Security Council, Secretary of State A.B. said the incident was exactly the US has been warning could happen. Despite the dare warnings, A.B. urged Russia to get to engage in dialog and diplomacy. But the Russian took a different diplomatic approach, expelling the second ranking of American official from the US embassy in Moscow, something US officials called baseless. And in a written response to US security proposal last month, Russia warned that if US and NATO don’t agree to keep Ukraine out of the military alliance, Russia will be forced to response with measures of a military technical nature. Also tonight, Vice President C.H. is in Germany for a major global security conference. Her biggest moment yet on the global stage. Aides say she sets to focus on rally European allies against Russian aggression and plans to meet Saturday with Ukraine’s President. 

:::tip theatrical

- : of or relating to the theater or the presentation of plays. 戏剧性的
  
:::

:::tip verge

- : BRINK, THRESHOLD. 边缘
  
:::
