---
title: CBS Evening News 04.08.22
date: 2022-04-09 18:30:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we want to start with breaking news out of Ukraine while we are learning about the most recent Russian atrocity, a missile attack on a train station. Just tonight, President Z says everyone involved will be held responsible. At least fifty-two people were killed and more than a hundred others injured in the attack on a train station. Graphic video of the scene shows bodies lying among luggage, strollers and stuffed animals. Ukrainian officials believe two missiles were fired from Russian occupying territory Donbass region. Six weeks into the war, Russian forces have shifted their focus to Eastern Ukraine, as more suspected war crime are revealed. In Cherniev, north of the capital, the mayor says nearly seven hundred people were killed. Survivors described the horror during Russian siege, dozens were held captives in a tiny basement for weeks along some dead bodies. It was so cramped that one man described tie himself to a wall to sleep, standing up.

About four thousand people were gathered at that rail station at the time of the attack to get on trains to escape from the violence. Ukraine’s officials have repeatedly advised residents to leave Donbass as the war escalates. The strike that come towards the railway station was not only deadly it was personal. The Russian missiles describe with the words “For the children”. It’s an essential hub for civilians fleeing the war at Donbass region among those killed, women, the elderly and the very young. Another entry on the growing list of Russian atrocities, deliberated Bucha, streets were littered with graphic evidence of war crimes. But lawmaker K.R wants the world to know about the hidden crimes, a weapon wields in secret, rape. R is collecting evidence to the take to the international court. In Bucha, at least five women came forward to share their stories with her, including a mother of twenties, with a six years old son. On communications intercepted by Ukrainian intelligence, you can hear a Russian soldier phoning back home revealing those raped are often very young. I’m shocked at what’s going on here, he said, a woman and a sixteen-year-old girl raped by guys in the neighboring village. The Ukrainian investigators are collecting evidence of crimes almost as they happened. And prosecutors say they are building a detailed case against Russia.
