---
title: CBS Evening News 08.08.22
date: 2022-08-09 19:21:44
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we start off with some breaking news. The FBI has served a search warrant on former President D.T’s Mar-a-Lago home in Palm Beach, Florida. The former President released a statement saying his home was under siege and compared it to the Watergate break-in.

This is without precedent in American history. The former President of United States now subject to a search of his primary residence by the FBI. According to multiple sources, the FBI searched for documents related to the Presidential Records Act, a law that requires official records from the Presidency to be saved in the National Archives. Failure to comply, is potentially a violation of federal law. We do not know if which records, if any, the FBI found in the search or if they were classified. T was not at Mar-a-Lago at the time FBI raid but confirmed it in a statement. In that statement, T said “A large group of FBI agents” came to his Mar-a-Lago home. T also said in that statement “they broke into my safe” to be clear this is an FBI raid under power granted to it by a federal judge. T is also under investigation for numerous actions undertaken to overturn 2020 presidential election and events leading up to the Capitol riot in January 6th, 2021 days before T left the White House after losing the election to President J.B. In recent weeks, Attorney General M.G has said repeatedly and **emphatically** that T would not be immune from investigation or prosecution if evidence of the crime warranted. 

:::tip emphatically

- : uttered with or marked by emphasis 着重地，强调地
  
:::
