---
title: CBS Evening News 02.24.22
date: 2022-02-26 19:22:34
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re witnessing the largest in Europe since the end of WWII. This is the nightmare in the scenario that the world feared, the full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine, that tonight is underway. V.P. unleashed a tidal wave violent across Ukraine, firing one hundred and sixty short range and medium range missiles according to a senior defense official. And at least a hundred and thirty Ukrainian have been killed and hundreds wounded. But those numbers are expected to surge in the days ahead. Fierce fighting is happening along several frontlines as Russian forces move into Ukraine from three sides. And tonight, they are advancing on the capital of Kiev. These new images show first pictures of damage inside Ukraine, military installations and airports have been targeted but so have the civilian’s apartment buildings and hospitals. Roadways are jammed as civilians come to flee large cities while subway stations have turned into bomb shelters. President B announced new round of punishing sanctions and the deployment of seven thousand additional new US troops to Europe. 

It has been a tough day for Ukrainian forces, they have been fighting Russian troops on multiple fronts, now we are getting late word tonight that those Russian forces are advancing on the capital itself on day one of its invasion. Air raid sirens and explosions shattered the peace today. In a conflict that will send shockwaves far beyond the battlefield to Ukraine in the biggest attack in the European country nearly eighty years. This is what V.P.’s operation to demilitarize the country looks like after declaring war in a pre-dawn announcement. Tonight, we were told a major battle is underway at the Gostemel Airfield on the outskirt of the capital itself where Russian paratroopers swooped in today. President of Ukraine confirming paratroopers had landed, saying Russian airborne troops are surrounded. But one battle they lost was for the former Chernobyl nuclear power plant around sixty miles from the capital, now fully in the hands of Russians. The clashes followed a campaign of aerial bombardment across the country. Russia says its forces hit more than seventy military targets across Ukraine, but then you find something like this, shattered glass everywhere, destroyed billboard apparently not everything hit its target. None the less, the President P boasted in the declaration of war this morning, Ukraine and NATO allies are only too aware that Russia is one of the strongest nuclear powers in the world, an ominous threat. That first bombardment triggered a mass exodus from the capital today, if it happens again tonight, those who remained in the city, might be the next to flee. Now the Ukrainian government has declared martial law with a curfew in place from 10 PM to six AM and they are expecting another round of airstrikes to happen here in early hours. President Z is on the television moments ago, he said we are fighting this war alone, he is now barring men from eighteen to sixty from leaving the country.
