---
title: CBS Evening News 03.23.22
date: 2022-03-24 17:10:51
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
In just a few hours, President B will meet with NATO and European leaders for a historical summit, he just arrived in Brussels for the emergency meeting as West aims to show V.P it is united against his invasion in Ukraine through more military aids and more sanctions on Russia. This comes as the war in Ukraine reaches the one-month mark and Ukrainian resistance surprised many with the Pentagon saying ten percent of Russia’s forces have been taken out. And in another blow to P, a government insider reported quit and left Russia, that’s the highest profile defection so far. Well today, the US took a significant step formally accusing Russian troops of committing war crimes, bombing schools, hospitals and killing civilians. The Secretary of State said America will work with others to prosecute the offenders. 

CBSN has learned from a senior defense official that Russian have fired more than twelve hundred missiles since war began twenty-eight days ago with devastating effect. From the sky, Mariupol looks like a ghost town. But trapped inside, at least one hundred thousand civilians without food, or water, as Russia intensifies its effort to pound the city into submission. In Chernihiv, Russian bombs obliterated this bridge, cutting off the main escape route for civilians fleeing the horror. And in the country’s second largest city of Kharkiv, the historical center came under attack. And yet, in the face of what the US government now formally calls Russian war crimes, Ukrainians remain defiant. The biggest prize, Kiev, is under daily attack. Today, another residential area was hit. The Russia has suffered heavily losses. NATO estimates seven to fifteen thousand of their men have been killed in action. And now they have been pushing back from Irpin, just outside the capital which has been the scene of some of the fiercest battles, forcing thousands to run for their lives. 
