---
title: CBS Evening News 04.15.22
date: 2022-04-16 17:27:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is a clarity tonight on what’s the most important of events in the war in Ukraine. A senior US Defense Official confirms that two Ukrainians anti-ship missile strikes, first disabled, then sunk one of Russian most important warships. In response, Russian forces shell several cities in Southern and Eastern Ukraine today. They also hit a facility on the outskirt of Kiev, Ukraine’s capital. ??? Ahead of original police force there since the civilian death toll in the area tops nine hundred and will likely rise nearly all the victims killed by gunshots.

Tonight, Moscow is outrage for the US and NATO shipping weapon system to Ukraine, warning there could be unpredictable consequences. The Kremlin is also threatened to increase air attacks here in Kiev, after that stunning Ukrainian missile strike that sunk Russia’s lead warship. It was the flagship of the Russian navy in the Black Sea, but tonight, it’s sitting at the bottom of it along with supersonic missile launchers and the Kremlin’s pride. The Moskva was once the terror of Ukraine’s coast that infinitely??? threatened these Ukrainian soldiers in the first days of the war, only to be rebuffed with ex??? The Pentagon confirmed the ship was struck by Ukrainian made missiles that now have scared the rest of Russia’s fleet away. But Russia is still striking by land and by air, firing three missiles at the capital Kiev. This as Russia continues to hold back its ground forces after failing to capture it, leaving behind blood stained bootprints in its wake. Indeed, P is called alleged war crimes in the Kiev region fake news but nine hundred civilian deaths have already been recorded here. Prosecutor General says there are thousands more throughout the country.
