---
title: CBS Evening News 03.26.22
date: 2022-03-27 19:00:03
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B is heading home, ending a three days trip to Europe aimed at bolstering unity among allies against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. In a major speech in Poland, the President delivered a forceful denunciation of V.P. Mr. B appears to call for regime change, but the White House later set back. Earlier today, President met with refugees who have fled the fighting. There, Mr. B did mean ??? his words, calling P a quote “butcher”. The President’s comment came as Russia’s missiles hit the western Ukraine’s city of Lviv, not far from the border with Poland.

“For god’s sake, this man cannot remain in his power”. Shortly after B’s speech, the White House officials sought to walk that back saying “The President’s point was that P cannot be allowed to exercise his power over his neighbors or the region, he was not discussing P’s power in Russia, or regime change”. More than two million Ukrainian refugees have now streamed in to Poland. President B met with some of them today at Warsaw soccer stadium, it’s being transformed into a refugee processing site where they can go and get food, healthcare and enroll their children in schools. This woman told President B that her city has been erased from the face of the earth. At the royal castle, we met M, whose parents are still stuck in southern Ukraine. As bombs continues to fall, Ukraine’s Foreign Minister and Defense Minister made a rare and risky journey out of their country today in order to meet face to face here with the leader of the free world. They also attended his speech where President B warned the West that this war can last a long time. 
