---
title: CBS Evening News 09.06.22
date: 2022-09-07 15:48:18
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, extreme weather from coast to coast. Torrential rains and flooding in the Northeast to record heat and deadly wildfires in the west. More than fifty-eight million people are under excessive heat warnings and advisories in seven states. Multiple wildfires are burning outside California as firefighters battled the flames along with brutal heat. Temperatures have topped century mark for the seventh straight day with the state capital of Sacramento expected to reach a hundred and fifteen degrees this afternoon. In the northeast, it’s rain and floodwaters causing the biggest problems. Two straight days of storms dropped nearly a foot in parts of Rhode Island, while downpours as far south as Philadelphia have flooded roads and left drivers stranded. 

Right now, firefighters are trying to steer this fire around the community. There used to be a home here and the family lived here say they barely had enough time to escape the flames. Others weren’t so lucky because this fire just moved so fast. It’s what firefighters feared the most, record setting heat, parched land and wildfires exploding in size. It moved too fast to evacuate everyone safely. The community only has one way in or out. Fire officials say the wind direction completely shifted. And another fire near the Oregon border left this entire neighborhood in ruins. Throughout the state, California continues to endure its worst and longest heatwaves in years. On Monday, an all-time high of one hundred and seventeen degrees in the San Francisco Bay area, record breakers that are straining the power grid to the breaking point. And the heat is more than just inconvenience. Last year, more Americans died from extreme heat than from any other hazard, far more than floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or extreme cold. California just now is entering what is normally the worst part of its fire season. 
