---
title: CBS Evening News 02.21.22
date: 2022-02-22 20:32:09
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
War in eastern Europe is getting closer after Russian President V.P. declares the independence of two breakaway regions in Ukraine. After the announcement, Putin ordered a quote “Peacekeeping Operation” to began in the two regions. That would mean the deployment of Russian troops and weapons into those areas. One US officials tell CBSN this could be a precursor to a larger invasion or this could be Putin’s only move. In an hour-long speech, Putin demanded that Ukraine immediately end its military operations in the east of country or face responsibility from possible bloodshed. The White House said the President B is imposing financial sanctions in response, NATO, the United Nations, the European Union and the United Kingdoms all condemned Putin’s decision. 

Tonight, President B is also condemning those latest moves by V.P. and vowing to response additional even more severe economic penalties. But the White House is still scrambling to find a way stop Putin from launching a full-scale attack, which appears to be more likely by the hour. Tonight, new signs that the military invasion could be imminent. Russian President V.P.’s decision to recognize the independence of two separatist regions in eastern Ukraine and his order to have the Russian military conduct so called Peacekeeping Operations there. It’s raising fears that this is the first wave of a larger attack. The White House respond by saying President B will impose sanctions on anyone doing business in those two republics. While European allies slammed Putin’s move as a violation of international law, and say they, too, would respond with sanctions. In a late-night address, Putin delivered a lengthy rejection of Ukraine sovereignty, slammed NATO refusal to ban the country from ever joining and callout the US for having missile abilities near Russia. With crisis escalating, President B huddled with his national security team today and had an emergency call with Ukrainian President Z, plus the leaders of Germany and France. A possible B-P summit, hosted by French President A.M. and tentatively agreed to by the White House looks to be in jeopardy. Putin who oversaw nuclear military drills this weekend, as up to one hundred and ninety thousand troops on Ukraine’s border with nearly half of them in position to attack. US intelligence indicates that the Russian President has already ordered commanders to move into Ukraine. The B administration has pointed ongoing false flag operations, staged by the Russians to frame Ukraine as another sign of escalation. National advisor J.S. acknowledge the chances of diplomatic resolution are diminishing. 
