---
title: CBS Evening News 09.23.22
date: 2022-09-26 20:59:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, forecasters are keeping close eyes on two major storm systems. One bearing down Canada, the other could cost significant damage to the Gulf Coast and Florida. Hurricane Fiona is moving north towards Canada after hitting Bermuda earlier today, with heavy rains and winds. The damage was far more devastating though in Puerto Rico where nearly one million homes and businesses remain without power just five days after Fiona cost catastrophic flooding. The hurricane is currently a category three and it’s expected to make landfall in Nova Scotia by tomorrow morning. Forecasters here in the US are concerned about a storm in Caribbean, tropical depression nine. It could become a major hurricane that’s on track to hit Florida next week. The governor there declaring a state of emergency in preparation. 

Fiona barreled its way from the Caribbean to the Atlantic. Tonight, it is gaining speed as it churns its way north off the East Coast, triggering dangerous conditions including heavy rains all along the way. Fiona isn’t finished just yet. The storm battered the Bermuda today with howling winds and driving rains knocking out the power to thousands. At least seven deaths have been attributed to the storm. More than half in Puerto Rico where Fiona got its start earlier this week is still without power. More than a quarter of the island has no water. There are debris, blocked roads and mud-caked homes. With Puerto Rico fresh on their minds, Floridians are taking no chances as a new storm gathering in the Caribbean threatens to hit sometimes next week. And as Fiona barrels northward, residents along the Canadian coasts are preparing to for it to hit them hard next day. Canada maybe getting the brunt of this storm along the east coast. Fiona will be kicking up life-threatening surf and rip current conditions all throughout the weekend.
