---
title: CBS Evening News 04.11.22
date: 2022-04-12 21:09:42
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Ukrainian officials are warning residents in Eastern parts of the country to flee ahead of an expected major assault by tens of thousands of Russian troops. The Pentagon is saying an earlier indication that Russian troops are trying to resupply after pulling out of the North. New video shows a convoy of reinforcements heading towards the Donbass region from inside Russia. And as a reminder that women and children bear the brunt of war, we learned today from UNICEF that nearly two thirds of Ukraine’s kids have been displaced and the situation is only getting worse. In the besieged city of Mariupol, residents have gone weeks without running water, electricity, food and medical supplies.

There are several troubling new signs that Russia is marshaling its forces for an all-out assault on Eastern Ukraine, even Austria’s chancellor who managed to sit down with Russian President V.P came away saying he’s pessimistic about what comes next. In Eastern Ukraine, it’s a race against time to dig trenches and evacuate civilians as the Russian war machine pivots. Shelling intensified in the Eastern overnight as new satellite images show that eight-mile convoy of Russian trucks and armored vehicles moving through the East for the Donbass region, home to a large population of Russian backed separatists. The latest evidence of shifting strategy after Russian forces failed to take the capital city of Kiev. Ukrainian President V.Z pleaded with South Korea’s parliament today “give him weapon he can use to defend Russian off Donbass and in Southern Ukraine”. Where the mayor of the port city of Mariupol today estimated that as many as twenty thousand residents have been killed in the ongoing siege. And the horror there isn’t over, Russian military releasing video of missiles being fired from ships on the Black Sea. Right now, the Russians aren’t negotiating, they’re digging in, tapping a new commander to turn the invasion around. He’s a veteran of Russian offensive in Syria where his tendency to target civilian facilities like hospitals, earn him a nickname “the butcher in Syria”. Indian Prime Minister M.M met virtually today with President B, both of them condemning of killing of innocent Ukrainians. And the death toll from that train station attack stands at fifty-seven with the Russian story about it changing. Initially Russia’ Defense Ministry said that it bombed the train station because weapons were being hidden there. But once faced with evidence of clear civilian casualties that the Defense Ministry now says that it had nothing to do with it at all.
