---
title: CBS Evening News 10.17.22
date: 2022-10-18 18:49:38
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin tonight overseas with the war in Ukraine where Russia is inflicting a type of terror on several major cities using Iranian kamikaze drones. The unmanned aircraft are small but pack a heavy punch and explode on impact. Today, raining down from the sky during the morning rush hour and rocking residential buildings. Ukrainian President Z says his military was able to shoot down thirty-seven drones. But the wave of the attacks killed at least four including a woman with six months pregnant. Inside the Russia and near the border of Ukraine, a fighter jet crashed into a nine-story building. Russian news agencies report that plane’s engine was caught fire during a training exercise and the pilots were able to eject. One hundred and eight Ukrainian women are freed tonight after being in Russian captivity. Some were prisoners before the war. 

After months of relative calm in Kiev, today, the city was pummeled for the second time in as many weeks. And some experts believe Russian was running short in ammunitions. Russian forces have begun using a new weapon with devastating effects. Early this morning, a swarm of so-called suicide drones bombarded Ukraine’s capital. Kamikaze weapons packed with deadly explosives that detonate on impact. They have been used to attack frequently in recent weeks. Today, they rained down on city’s streets. Russia has repeatedly claimed that it doesn’t target civilians. But this neighborhood in Kiev is home to apartment buildings, restaurants and schools. Kiev’s mayor, V,K called Russia a terrorists state. Ukraine says it has shot down some of the drones today. This video appears to show Ukrainian police officers making a successful hit. But they’re small and apparently difficult to track on radar. They’re also cheap. Some reportedly selling for around twenty thousand dollars each. The US says Iran has agreed to provide hundred of drones for Russia for use in Ukraine. But Iran denies it. On the weekend, Russia blamed Ukraine for strikes injured civilians in the city of Belgorod, which is just over the border. One of the drones in this morning’s attack appear to have for Belgorod inscribed on it. Apparently, an act of retaliation. Ukraine’s President V.Z claims Russia made an even bigger order from Iran, putting the figure at nearly two and a half thousand suicide drones.
