---
title: CBS Evening News 01.15.22
date: 2022-01-16 15:09:59
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a major winter storm is bearing down on millions of Americans in the south and northeastern parts of the country. The sprawling system already hit the Midwest, where it dumped a lot snow.

Authority is negotiating with a man who may have taken a number of people hostage at Colleyville near Dallas, Texas. Now the hostage situation begins earlier today as that service was being livestreamed over Facebook, on that livestream, the man may have claimed he was the brother of a convicted terrorist who is being held in a federal prison here in Texas. It’s believed that at least four people are being held including the rabbi. SWAT team and FBI agents are on the scene. Now before that livestream was taking down, the man can be heard speaking in kind of angry tone, we don’t know motive at this time, the FBI agents are reportedly in communication with the hostage taker. Earlier today, police have evacuated people from this scene and also from homes in this area, we are at a nearby church, there is immediate danger to the general public right now and no injuries has been reported.

This weekend at least seventy-five million people in several states are in the path of a massive winter storm, four governors have already declared state’s emergency anticipating heavy snow, dangerous ice conditions and freezing temperatures. It’s already been piled up in mid-west making travel treacherous.  

:::tip rekindle

- : to start or stir up (something) again. 重新燃起
  
:::
