---
title: CBS Evening News 03.10.22
date: 2022-03-11 19:01:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, Russian forces are maintaining their pressure on the city of Mariupol one day after the bombing of a maternity hospital that sparked outrage around the world. Officials say at least three people were killed in that attack including a young girl. Russian forces continue their advance on the capital of Kiev, but here, you can see Ukraine’s military is fighting back appearing to open fire on a column of Russian tanks. US official warned Russian forces are operating with quote “a rapid disregard for civilians as they continue their constant bombardment of residential neighborhoods.”. Two weeks of shelling has left large sections of the country in ruins and thousands of residents now stranded without food, medicine, heat and the electricity. More than 2.3 million refugees have escaped to neighboring countries, many to Poland, some of them today met with Vice President K.H.

The Russian government again declared a cease fire and a humanitarian corridor starting tomorrow in five cities including here in the capital and the besieged city of Mariupol. But tonight, the Deputy Prime Minister said not a single civilian was able to leave that city today.

A day after the airstrike ripped through the maternity hospital in Mariupol, no mercy in respond from Russian Foreign Minister. On a visit to neighboring Poland, Vice President K.H. joined calls for Russia to be held accountable. She also sought to reinforce US ties with NATO, amid a disagreement with Poland’s proposal to provide Ukraine with old Soviet year fighter jets. Russian troops continue to advance to the capital itself, Northeastern Kiev, a drone video alleges to show a column of Russian tanks coming under fire and turning back. Despite heavy losses, militarily Russia still has the upper hand. Today, Ukraine’s Information Minister asked America and its allies to close down the airspace once again so Ukrainians could fight on the ground. Russian forces are slowly closing in here in the capital, now within just a few miles. Tonight, the mayor says half the city has already fled, as we’ve seen for ourselves. The rest are either taking up fighting positions or taking shelter in hoping for the best. 
