---
title: CBS Evening News 04.18.22
date: 2022-04-19 19:47:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there is some breaking news, for the first time in nearly two years, masks are not required on airplanes after the travel mask mandate was struck down. That means the TSA will not enforce the rule at airports or other transportation hubs. The news come after a federal judge in Florida today ruled the CDC exceeded its authority and failed to follow proper rule-making. The question now is that will the federal government appeal that decision? Well, the Association of Flight Attendance is weighing in tonight, urging calm from passengers saying it usually takes twenty-four to four eight hours to implement new procedures. The CDC still recommends masks for all travelers. All this come at Covid-19 cases are once again on the rise driven by that BA-2 subvariant.

We’re just getting clarities from administration on that judge’s ruling today, saying that they’re reviewing the judge’s order. But that for now TSA will not enforce the mask mandate on public transportation and adding to all of that confusion as you mentioned there is a new mask mandate here in Philadelphia that took effect today. That means about twenty thousand fans	here to see the 76ers play tonight will have to mask up once again. You can now fly or ride the buses and trains mask-free. The move comes just hours after a federal judge in Florida ruled it was unlawful. Today, a US district judge said the court accepts the CDC’s argument that masks will limit Covid-19 transmission but not alone was not sufficient to exceed the agency’s authority. In response to the lawsuit, the CDC says it has the legal authority. It was now up to individual airlines to decide if they will require masks. Delta, United and Alaska airlines are the first to say effective immediately. The passengers do not have to wear masks on their planes. But just to reiterate, the CDC does still recommend wearing a mask on public transportation.
