---
title: CBS Evening News 09.03.22
date: 2022-09-04 20:01:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with danger above, a stolen plane ominously circling the sky above northeast in Mississippi for hours. At the controls, a man police say threaten to crush into a Walmart. The twin engine aircraft lifted off from a regional airport in Tupelo.

The suspect could face making terrorist threat and grant ??? charges after police say he stolen the plane from this regional airport. Authorities believe he had some flight instruction, but not enough experienced to land a plane. Today, terror in Tupelo, Mississippi. A plane police say was stolen circled over homes and businesses in the small city. Authorities say the man at the control said he intended to crush to a Walmart, that forced evacuation of the area. Police say P was employed by an aircraft maintain company at Tupelo regional airport. He took off a twin-engine aircraft when air traffic controllers were not on duty. After about five hours in the air, P landed in a field roughly forty miles north of Tupelo, uninjured. Now the FAA says it will investigate this incident, meanwhile local police say P could face federal charges. 

Tonight, nearly fifty Americans are under alerts because of blistering heat waves that are breaking records across the west. It’s also fueling wildfires including these flames that cause injures and prompt evacuations in California. 
