---
title: CBS Evening News 04.12.22
date: 2022-04-13 19:47:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A suspect opened fire on a crowded New York City subway car during morning rush hour. The suspect is still on the loose, police just released the name of a person of interest. Police are looking for Frank James. The NYPDC is offering a fifty-thousand-dollar reward. He is described as a heavyset dark skin male. Police located a U-Haul related to the incident. But there are still a lot of questions tonight, more than twelve hours that the shooter deployed a smoke **canister** and opened fire on an end train about to enter the Brooklyn station. The New York Police Chief tonight says that it could have been much worse. At least twenty-nine people were injured, ten people who were shot and five are listed in critical stable condition. Police say other victims suffered smoke inhalation and **shrapnel** wounds. Cell phone video show chaos and confusion as horrified victims ran from smoke-filled subway car. Heroic New Yorkers were seen providing first aid. And President B tonight praised the first responders and the civilians who didn’t hesitate to help their fellow passengers.

New York City remains on edge tonight as a suspect is still on the loose who is considered armed and dangerous. Now a person of interest has been named in this attack, it’s unclear what his connection might be to the attack. Also unclear tonight, the motive on this horrifying shooting. Just before 8:30, rush out riders on a packed Manhattan-bound train were terrorized, after a lone gun man first set off the smoke bomb, then opened fire at random. Police are searching for sixty-two-year-old Frank James, a person of interest, whose addresses in Wisconsin and Philadelphia, he is described as heavyset wearing an orange and a gray hoodie. A U-Haul key was found at the scene that led police to this van, rented by James in Philadelphia. The van was recovered about forty miles from the shooting scene. Cell phone video shows horrifying riders, bolting from the train after it pulled into the station. Passengers drag the victims to the safety while others **limped** off on their own, confusion reigned. First responders soon flooded the South Brooklyn neighborhood, treating victims from smoke inhalation and gunshot and shrapnel wounds. Police and FBI investigators scoured the station looking for a suspect in a green worker’s vest. They recovered a **tote** bag with a **hatchet**, two gas canisters and a semiautomatic handgun that apparently jammed during the melee. They also found several undetonated devices and spent ammunition magazines. Police are checking surveillance videos and say cameras were not working at three nearby stations. Today, President B addressed the shooting. While investigator might lack some of the critical evidences of the surveillance videos were not working at the subway stations, they will rely on the surveillance video out on these New York City streets that are seemingly everywhere as well as the surveillance videos from some of the businesses that line these streets, hoping to catch the glimpse of the suspect as he fled the subway station.

:::tip canister

- : an often cylindrical container for holding a usually specified object or substance. 罐，筒

:::

:::tip shrapnel

- : bomb, mine, or shell fragments. 流弹

:::

:::tip limp

- : to walk lamely. 一瘸一拐地走

:::

:::tip tote

- : to carry by hand : bear on the person : LUG, PACK. 手提

:::

:::tip hatchet

- : a short-handled ax often with a hammerhead to be used with one hand. 短柄小斧

:::
