---
title: CBS Evening News 11.13.22
date: 2022-11-14 18:23:04
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin with the new follow of the Midterm Elections. After predictions of a sweep that did not materialize, Republicans face a week that could be critical deciding the future direction and leadership of the party. Set to grab the spotlight Tuesday, the former President D.T, he has been teasing months that he will run again for the White House. Tonight, ballots are still being counted in several states with some races still too close to call. 

No matter how the final number shock out on the US House and the Senate, the majorities will be slim as congressional democrats defied Midterm Elections predictions. Incumbent Senator C.C.M celebrated Sunday. CBSN projected a narrow win over her Republican challenger A.L, cementing Democratic control of the US Senate even ahead of Georgia’s December 6th runoff. CBSN estimates the US House still leans Republican. But as new members arrive for this week’s orientation, divisions within the GOP are undisplay. CBSN projects more than one hundred and fifty GOP election deniers are those who raised questions about 2020 will serve in the new House. But in a number of high-profile state races, they lost. None will serve as top election officials in battleground states. Ballots are still being counted in Arizona, the race for governor between Democratic Secretary of State K.H and T loyalist K.L still a tossup. The former president putting the party at a crossroads. CBSN has learned that the former president plans to launch his third campaign for president despite pushback within the GOP party and even some allies urging him to postponed his announcement until after the Georgia’s Senate runoff. Some Republicans are also talking about other potential names including Florida Governor R.D and Maryland Governor L.H. A moderator tells CBSN he is still considering a possible run but notes there is a battle for which direction the Republican party will go. 
