---
title: CBS Evening News 05.11.22
date: 2022-05-12 19:06:19
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, American families are coping with rising prices on everything from groceries, gas and rent. Consumers prices jumped by 8.3% compared to the same time last year, while inflation eased slightly in April remains a four-decade high. And while wage grow has risen at the fasted pace in twenty years that hasn’t kept pace with inflation. Food and gas prices lead the way with the national average for regular gas hitting a new record today at $4.40 per gallon. President B traveled to the Mid-West today and vowed to help American farmers deal with the global spiking prices, taking new steps he says, will help boost food production and lower costs. On Wall Streets, stocks finished in the red with all three indexes falling all the day. NASDAQ led the way, downed more than three hundred and seventy points or more than three percent. 

It was the cost of gasoline that brought inflation down last month. Remember when prices eased at the pumped a couple weeks ago? Well, now we’re right back to record highs. And economists say it’s global events that are now driving inflation. In a farm in Illinois, President blamed the war in Ukraine for tightening grain supplies, driving up global food prices. In the grocery stores, prices for meats, poultry, fish and eggs are up more than fourteen percent from a year ago. Citrus fruit almost nineteen percent even though the overall inflation rates slow slightly. War in Ukraine is driving up oil prices. Until we see some movements on those fronts, the rising prices will likely continue. Many economists now believe we’ll be dealing inflation in the next year.
