---
title: CBS Evening News 10.22.22
date: 2022-10-23 18:32:11
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s not even November, but turnout for the crucial, 2022 Midterm Election already ??? Election Day is still seventeen days away. But several states have seen a surge of voters casting early ballot. This is Clark County, Nevada where in person voting begins today. There is a lot at stake at levels of government including control of Congress and the future of President B’s agenda. 

Across the country, more than seven million Americans have already casted their ballots as the candidates and the White House make their closing arguments. President B trying to sound optimistic as the latest polls show Democrats losing some of their summer momentum ahead of November. In Nevada and Arizona, Democrats are fighting to keep their seats in two tossed up Senate races. The Georgia Senate race is also a tie. This week, Democratic Senator	R.M launched a new attack ad against his opponent, highlighting accusations of anti-abortion rights Republican once paid for his partner’s abortion. And across the country, there is another concern, win, lose or draw, will Americans accept the outcome? According to the FBI, seven states have seen unusual threat levels against election workers. The White House just announced that the President is going to Florida in early November, but he is staying away from some of really tied races and places where Democrats think his low approval rating might hurt the candidates as they try to appeal to independent voters. 
