---
title: CBS Evening News 05.14.22
date: 2022-05-15 18:19:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There is breaking news in Buffalo, New York. CBSN has confirmed at least ten people have been killed today in a mass shooting of at a supermarket in Buffalo. It happened at the Tops Friendly Markets. Details are still coming in, but the suspect gunman was taken into the custody, and tonight was **arraigned**. 

Authority called this “pure evil of racially motivated hate crime”. The accused shooter is now in custody and tonight, he faced a judge. Tonight, the eighteen-year-old accused of shooting more than a dozen of people, identified as P.G was arraigned on charges of first degree murder. Authorities say he drove hundreds of miles to the Tops Friendly Markets, three miles of downtown Buffalo, heavily armed and in body armorer. He shot four people at parking lot, then went inside and continue shooting. Investigators say a security guard who is a retired police officer shot the suspect multiple times, but his body armorer protected him. The suspect shot and killed the security guard then surrender to police. Police say the gunman was live streaming the incident and was yelling racial **slurs**. The neighborhood he targeted is predominately black. The FBI and ATF are now part of the investigation. Tops Market released a statement saying quote “We’re shock and deeply sad about this senseless act of violence.”

Tonight, a curfew is in effect in Milwaukee after a night of gun violence. People ran for cover after hearing gun shots near the arena at the end of the Celtics and Bucks game. Three people were wounded, the second shooting was blocks away, left seventeen people injured. And in Philadelphia, police are offering a twenty-thousand-dollar reward	in a search for a pair of gunmen in a deadly gas station ambush. One was armed with AK-47 style gun. The other fired from a handgun with apparent extended magazine clip. 

:::tip arraign

- : to call (a defendant) before a court to answer to an indictment : CHARGE 传讯，控告
  
:::

:::tip slur

- : an insulting or disparaging remark or innuendo : ASPERSION 诋毁，诽谤
  
:::
