---
title: CBS Evening News 03.08.22
date: 2022-03-09 17:26:01
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re following heavy firing in Eastern Ukraine, fighting that is leaving innocent Ukrainians trapped and unable to flee. This as the civilian’s death toll is growing. President Z saying today at least fifty children have been killed in the first thirteen days of the war. And the humanitarian crisis is worsening, the number of people leaving the country now tops two million and half of them are children. Kiev and other major cities remain under constant bombardment from missile strikes and long-range artillery. Help could soon on the way after Poland announced a deal that could send ultimately MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine, but the Pentagon is raising serious concern tonight about that proposal. Well, nearly two weeks since the invasion, Russia has captured only one major city despite two hundred thousand troops in and around the country. The CIA Director told the Congress today that is why V.P. is angry and frustrated. The dictator planned on a quick and decisive victory is now likely to double downed and quote” With no regard for civilian casualties.”

The Russian government announced another cease fire here in the capital and four other cities starting from tomorrow morning to allow for the evacuation of civilians. While there was some limited success today is also skepticism. The cease fire came too late to save the lives of two children pulled from the rubble in Sumy. Among the bodies of at least twenty-one people killed in the Russian airstrike overnight, the officials say. Today, a brief break in fighting allowed the evacuation of thousands of people including foreign student travel trapped at the university for days. But the cease fire of besieged southern port city of Mariupol collapsed amid renewed shelling for the third time. Hundreds of thousands of residents at the mercy of Russian onslaught in catastrophic conditions. On the outskirts of the capital itself, in Irpin, thousands of people took shelter beneath a downed bridge today joined a massive evacuation with the help of soldiers and aid agencies. In an emotional address to British Parliament today, Ukrainian President Z echoed Churchill and quoted Shakespeare saying to be or not to be.
