---
title: CBS Evening News 07.07.22
date: 2022-07-08 19:31:29
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, British Prime Minister B.J is stepping down following months of scandals. But he is not leaving right away. The embattled leader says he’ll stay on until the successor chosen in early September. J’s nearly three years in office have been plagued by controversy, including his handling of coronavirus and his hosting of alcohol through government parties during the pandemic. The White House is closely watching who takes over and where that person stands on issues regarding the European Union and other policies that directly impact the US government. There are also indications that the UK’s support for Ukraine will not change. The Prime Minister called President Z today to reassure the leader that his country will continue to send military aid and support. 

It was an extraordinary here at Downing Street. A day of political upheaval and drama played out on the most powerful street in the country. A prime minister who fought his entire career to be here, now forced out of the office, humiliated by his own party. In defeat yet defiant, B.J stepped up and stepped down. Sunk by one scandal too many after it emerged that J knew about the sexual misconduct history of an employee he promoted, and apparently lied about it. That triggered this week’s avalanche. It may not be the end quite yet, but it’s close. The charismatic friend of people who parlayed his promise to exit the European Union to a landslide conservative victory. A lead squandered by a series of scandals, accusations of lying and political **blunders**. Today’s speech didn’t offer any apologies, no **contrition**. A resignation speech that somehow avoided the word resignation. Instead, a list of the PM’s greatest hits. The Prime Minister said today he will stay until his successor is chosen. That could be in the fall. But many of his party want the Prime Minister to leave number ten immediately. 

:::tip blunder

- : a gross error or mistake resulting usually from stupidity, ignorance, or carelessness 因愚蠢或粗心犯下的错误
  
:::

:::tip contrition

- : the state of being contrite : REPENTANCE 悔过
  
:::
