---
title: CBS Evening News 03.28.22
date: 2022-03-29 20:04:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President B surprised the world today when he stood by his comments that he made in Warsaw that V.P quote “cannot remain in power”. It was expected that the President would clean up those unscripted words, instead he clarified that it’s his personal opinion and not a new policy. The concern tonight is that those remarks could escalate the war in Ukraine and P may use it as a propaganda that the West is trying to overthrow him. And there’s news or report from inside Ukraine after a month of indiscriminate bombing that has flattened much of Mariupol. The city’s mayor reportedly says Russian forces have captured the critical port town, but Ukraine has maintained its counterattacks and claims to have retaken a key suburb and an eastern town from the Russians. 

The President’s comments about V.P came at the end of a carefully prepared speech in three days of intense diplomacy. Today, he said the message was intended for the Russian people. Two days since saying this about V.P “For god’s sake, this man cannot remain in power” President B today clarified he was expressing personal views, not a change in US policy. Still, the President faced a barrage of questions today about his comments like why do you say it? The President’s European trip included high stakes talks with allies and face-to-face meeting with Ukrainian refugees now in Poland. After meeting some them in Saturday, the President also said this about P “he is a butcher”. Taken together, the President’s comments signal at least a rhetorical escalation that critics fear could intensify the conflict. P’s top spokesman called Mr. B’ comments “alarming” said the Russian people pick their leader. And French President E.M who’s in closer touch with P than most world leaders, said he wouldn’t use those terms because he hopes the war can be solved without escalation. But the President disagrees with E.M. White House aides say the President’s remarks about removing P wasn’t part of the prepared text. And is the President worried P will see the comments as an escalation? “I don’t what he thinks, he is going to do what he is going to do”. So as the war in Ukraine continues, the Pentagon announced today it’s sending so-called Growler aircraft that can jam or confuse enemy radar to Germany. The planes won’t be flying over Ukraine but as part of NATO’s deterrence against Russia. 
