---
title: CBS Evening News 02.11.22
date: 2022-02-12 19:17:53
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with ominous warnings from the B administration that Russia has the troops in place to possibly invade Ukraine in any time. American citizens should leave the country in the next forty-eight hours. Other countries including Britain are urging their citizens to do the same. As we come on the air, President B is pressing to get on the phone with Russian President V.P. soon in his ongoing attempt to deescalate the crisis which send shock waves through financial markets today. The DOW, NASDAQ and S&P plumbed ???amid on fears of war. Russia for months has been surrounding Ukraine with troops saying it wants to enforce redlines to make sure that its former Soviet neighbor doesn’t join the NATO alliance. Russia is now conducting military drills with neighboring Belarus. Also tonight, the brand new CBSN poll finds us majority of Americans with prefer the US stay out of negotiations with Russia and Ukraine. 

And tonight, CBSN has learned that the US has picked up new intelligences indicating Russian commanders have been told to be ready to a possible invasion by the 16th, that just five days away. Americans living in Ukraine got a blunt warning today, there will be no US rescue operation if they get trapped. US officials call this a sign of escalation, video and satellite images showing more Russian troops arriving at the Ukrainian border, prompting this video call today between President B and a dozen NATO leaders, as US officials urged all Americans in Ukraine to depart now. The state department estimates there are roughly six thousand Americans living in Ukraine. The US has begun polling out personnel from its embassy in Kiev. An US official tells CBSN Russia has now arrayed nearly eighty percent of the forces it needs to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine with more troops in route. That’s up seventy-percent just a week ago. The first US military convoy reached neighboring Romania this week as the Defense Secretary ordered three thousand more troops to head Poland. 
