---
title: CBS Evening News 01.27.22
date: 2022-02-02 16:26:40
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
It’s history in the making as President B vows to make good on his campaign pledge to nominate the first black woman to the supreme court. If you look back of the one hundred and fifteen justices, all but seven have been white men. The President said today he will name his choice to replace Justice S.B. by the end of February. S.B. today formally handed in his letter of resignation to the President and will step down at the end of current term of summer. There is already a short list of potential candidates to fill the seat and the biggest battle in the confirmation process maybe within the Democratic party before a nominee is even announced. 

The President said today he plans to make his choice by the end of February. But as a former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Vice President who once helped interview Supreme Court nominee, he’s preparing for this moment for decades. President B today flanked by retiring Supreme Court Justice S.B. says he’s already reviewing potential choices to succeed him. Celebrating S.B. today, the president **reminisced** about chairing his confirmation hearing in 1994, saying he had high hopes then. S.B. says he’s stepping down optimistic about the future of what he called the American experiment. So once the president makes his pick, the Democratic-controlled Senate vowing to quickly confirm her and barring some unforeseen circumstance. Mr. B’s nominee, at lease for now, is all but assured to be confirmed. 

Out of Houston, police captured a suspect tonight, following a citywide manhunt, after he allegedly shot three Houston officers. The officers were taken to the area hospital in stable condition. And in New York, twenty-two-year-old NYPD officer received a hero’s farewell today. A procession for the officer killed while answering a domestic disturbing call wound through the city ending at St. Patrick’s Cathedral for his wake.

He was a rookie in their rank, just twenty-two years old, all saluted as the casket of Officer J.R. was carried inside St. Patrick Cathedral. The wake comes after an emotional vigil last night where Officer J.R. and his partner were remembered by their brothers in blue. R was the son of Dominican immigrants and he join the NYPD in 2020, calling it the greatest police force in the world. Nationwide last year, gunshots kills sixty-one officers in the line of duty, up thirty six percent from 2020. 

:::tip reminisce

- : to talk, think, or write about things that happened in the past. 回忆
  
:::

:::tip hump

- : a fleshy protuberance on the back of an animal (such as a camel, bison, or whale). 动物背部的隆起
  
:::
