---
title: CBS Evening News 05.24.22
date: 2022-05-25 18:31:21
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, another mass shooting in America, this time in an elementary school where at least fourteen children and a teacher were killed. On the brink of summer vacation, lives in the small town of Uvalde, Texas changed forever. This is the deadliest school shooting since the Stoneman Douglas high school shooting in Parkland, Florida in 2018. Police said the shooting happened at 11:32 AM local time at Robb Elementary school in South Texas. Texas governor G.A says the suspect gunman entered the school with a handgun and possibly a rifle and was likely shot by a responding officer. The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are involved in the investigation. Flag	s have been lowered to half-staff, and the White House says the President will address the nation at 8:15 PM Eastern.

CBSN can confirm the suspect not only had a handgun but also an assault rifle. Witnesses describe a chaotic scene and reports of relatives rushing to the school to pull out second, third, and fourth graders at their classroom windows. Police say just before noon, a gunman walked into Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas and started shooting. A says the gunman was a senior at a nearby high school and he shot his grandmother before entering the elementary. Within minutes, heavily armed police rushed to the scene and confronted the shooter. Thirteen children were transported to the hospital for treatment. Witnesses say frantic parents were rushed to the school. Two victims, a child and an adult were flown to San Antonio hospital. CBSN has also learned that multiply patrol agents were responded to the school shooting. One CBP agent has been shot in the head, that agent is at local hospital receiving medical treatment and remains in stable condition. This shooting comes a little over a week after ten people were killed in a mass shooting at a Buffalo supermarket. Police say the motive is unknown at this time and the investigation is ongoing. 
