---
title: CBS Evening News 05.25.22
date: 2022-05-26 19:21:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re here in Uvalde, Texas, a community shattered by one of the deadliest school shootings in America’s history. Twenty-one victims, nineteen of them innocent children they ranged in age from ten down to as young as 8. One victim described by family as the sweetest little boy I’ve ever known, so full of life. Others loved baseball, loved swimming, loved dancing to TikTok videos. In other words, these are your everyday American kids, extraordinarily loved and now extraordinarily missed. Their parents tonight adjusting to a new reality to the lives that we all know will never quite be the same. And now, there’re roughly fifteen thousand person predominately Latino community is also added to the list of places you know by heart, Columbine, Newtown, Parkland, places scarred by gun violent, their children murdered in their own classroom. And of course, the question tonight, when it will stop?

New details emerging tonight on how this massacre unfolded and they’re chilling, the gunman firing at a classroom full of fourth graders and their teachers. They had just been celebrating the end of school year. But suddenly, they were trapped with nowhere to go. Massacre in a fourth-grade classroom, just two days before summer break. A gunman bursting into a fourth-grade classroom at Robb Elementary School, opening fire with an AR-15 style rifle. And unimaginable toll, nineteen children gunned down along with two teachers. Seventeen others were hurt. Among those who did not come home, A.G who proudly displayed her honor roll certificate and more. CBSN has learned the gunman, Salvador Ramos had earlier fought with his grandmother over a cell phone bill and shot her in the face. Tonight, she is in critical condition. The shooter sent private online messages about thirty minutes before reaching the school. A border patrol agent from an elite SWAT unit shot and killed him a short time later. The gunman dropped out of school and had few friends authorities say. Legally purchased two assault rifles and almost four hundred rounds of ammunition earlier this month. 
