---
title: CBS Evening News 04.22.22
date: 2022-04-23 19:12:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We want to begin with some breaking news as we come on the air. A scary scene here in the nation’s capital as the search is on for a suspect accused of shooting multiple people. The mayor just moments ago calling the situation an active threat. Three people were shot including a juvenile. Thankfully all are in stable condition and expected to survive. At least six different law enforcement agencies are responding and trying to clear the scene. This is near a middle and high school which is put on lockdown and residents are told to shelter in place. 

The shooting unfolded just as the school was letting out. At this hour, active manhunt for one or more suspects as police go door to door **canvassing** the neighborhood. The federal and local law enforcements surged into Northwest Washington about four miles north of the White House after gunshots erupted on a major **thoroughfare** in the nation’s capital. Witnesses described here hearing dozens of shots pulsing through the neighborhood houses multiple schools, a college campus and embassies. In an unverified video that the police have yet to identify, the shooter may have livestreamed the attack. As the injured rushed from the scene, residents were told to shelter in place as police **cordoned** off the area. At this hour, law enforcement is pulling surveillance camera video, security camera video to build the description of the suspect or suspects, this investigation is in early stage.

:::tip canvass

- : to examine in detail. 仔细检查
  
:::

:::tip thoroughfare

- : a main road. 主路，大道
  
:::

:::tip cordon

- : a line of troops or of military posts enclosing an area to prevent passage. 警戒线
  
:::
