---
title: CBS Evening News 06.03.22
date: 2022-06-04 20:38:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, a major storm system is bearing down on Florida as the Atlantic hurricane season gets underway. The system is expected to make landfall around noon tomorrow. But it’s already lashing Cuba with **torrential** **downpours**. Two people were killed in Havana with flooding turns streets to raging rivers. In Florida, life threatening flash flooding is the main concern as parts of the Miami could see more than a half foot of rain. Strong winds and huge waves are currently battering the southern east as residents flee to safer areas inland. 

We’re spending our evening the way we started our morning with scattered showers that have just been coming on through. It’s interesting the pattern that’s beginning to set up. Well, the torrential rain that will come through, a little bit of a **respite** in the action. The winds return, and then the rain once again follows. Now, in this area we have had some **sporadic** power outages. We could see more of those as we move forward in time. But if you take a look at the size of the system, as it makes its way through, it’s going to be really a rainmaker. That’s going to be the number one threat. In fact, if you take a look at the radar, future radar shows that we have this shield moisture that is lifting up from parts of the Gulf of Mexico, eventually making its way to the Florida coastline. We’re seeing parts of it right now. But by the time all is said and done, we could see anywhere from, say, 6 to perhaps even 8 inches of rainfall. But keep in mind there is also a chance we could see some of these bands that come onshore overperforming with possibly up to ten inches of rainfall. So, flooding not just possible, could a reality by the time we get to the early morning hours and round out the weekend. 

:::tip torrential

- : relating to or having the character of a torrent 汹涌的
  
:::

:::tip downpour

- : a pouring or streaming downward, especially : a heavy rain 暴雨
  
:::

:::tip respite

- : a period of temporary delay 暂缓，间歇
  
:::

:::tip sporadic

- : occurring occasionally, singly, or in irregular or random instances 不时发生的
  
:::
