---
title: CBS Evening News 11.17.22
date: 2022-11-18 18:20:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Well tonight, the political landscape here in Washington is on the verge of big change. House Speaker N.P is stepping down the leadership after historic twenty years. The longest serving democratic leader in the house. P became the first woman to wield the speaker’s gavel back in 2007. First elected in congress in 1987 she’s been a trailblazer, but also a lightning rod for Republican critics. And the announcement comes after her husband’s being brutally attacked last month when she is allegedly the intended target. There is bipartisan agreement about her legacy too. President B called P the most consequential speaker in the history even former Republican Speaker N.G said we can argue she’s been the strongest speaker in history. 

Speaker P said she will continue representing San Francisco in Congress next year but for the first time in two decades, she will not be a party leader. It’s a historic announcement but also one with profound immediate impact here. With Republicans set to take control of US House in January, N.P, the outsize political force for a generation said it’s the time for her to step back. The announcement comes just weeks of violent attack against her eighty-two-year-old husband, P.P, in San Francisco, allegedly by a conspiracy theorist who was targeting her. The current democratic leadership all in their eighties are now making room for new generation leaders, potentially including H.G in New York City who would become the first African American party leader in congressional history. He will have to content with Republican majority which plans to aggressively investigate the B administration, including what they see as a politicized Justice Department, as well as the president’s family. The first ever female speaker elected twice is a prolific fundraiser and vote counter having steer passage then President O’s Affordable Care Act and key parts of the B Agenda. She also famously clashed with D.T.
