---
title: CBS Evening News 02.05.22
date: 2022-02-06 16:51:22
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the showdown between Ukraine and the west shows no sign of easing, instead it’s intensifying. Tonight, Moscow sent two long range nuclear capable bombers on patrol over its ally, Belarus. Also today, the first of three thousand American troops landed near the Ukraine border as US tries to deter a Russian invasion.

There is a latest US combat forces to arrive in Europe, 18th airborne touched down in Germany, beefing up NATO firepower amid mounting concerns. Russia is preparing launching a full-scale invasion in Ukraine. US officials are yet certain whether President V.P. will pull the trigger but they are building up defenses in front line NATO’s state in response to what they called an elevated risk. NATO officials told us American F-15s were scrambled out of Estonia to intercept four Russian fighters over the Baltic Sea. Bolstering the border against an increasingly **boisterous** neighbor.

Tonight, a crack in Republican party is widening, the RNC continuing to side with former President Trump. But former Vice President M.P. is finally calling out his false election claims and late last night, Trump fired back.

President Trump just issued another statement that hit off our boxes a little while ago, asking why is M.P. didn’t have the authority to quote “send to votes forward, are the Dems or RINOs fighting so hard to make it impossible for a VP to do so in the future?”. Forwards high ranking Republican seldom say out loud, let alone at a conservative conference in Florida. But in addressing the event of January 6th former Vice President M.P. offered a strong review to those, including Trump who claimed he could’ve refused to certify the election. The former President responded with a written statement saying “I was right and everyone knows it”. Many Republicans see support for Trump as the best way to win back control of the House in November’s midterms. A winter meeting of the RNC voted on Friday to **censure** Representative L.C. and A.K. for serving on House Committee investigating January 6th, saying they are participating in a Democrats-led **persecution** of ordinary citizens engage in legitimate political discourse. 

:::tip boisterous 

- : noisily turbulent : ROWDY. 吵闹的；粗暴的
  
:::

:::tip censure 

- : official strong criticism. 谴责
  
:::

:::tip persecution

- : to harass or punish in a manner designed to injure, grieve, or afflict. 迫害
  
:::
