---
title: CBS Evening News 07.16.22
date: 2022-07-17 21:03:56
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the President historic and controversial visit to the Middle East, President B met twice with the man he called pariah on the campaign trail, Saudi crown prince M.S. The President assured he pressed the crown prince on human right abuses and the murder of US based Saudi journalist J.K. As you might remember, the US intelligence said K’s murder in Turkey was approved by M.S. But at this summit, Mr. B primary message was one of partnership. 

Well, President B now is on his way back home after four days in Middle East meeting design to do two things, reassured American leadership in this region, and warn Iran not to go nuclear. President B spent his final day in the Middle East once again in the presence of Saudi Arabia’s crown prince M.S. The scene came a day after two leaders greeted each other with the fist-bump. A viral moment quickly being around the world. The President was a big draw ??? the region crown prince including one on one time for Mr. B with the heads of each Iraq, Jordan and United Arab Emirates. Iran especially has been a big focus of the visit. Early Saturday, the White House warned it’s now backing V.P’s war in Ukraine by providing armed drones. It released a satellite image, reportedly shown armed drones in the airfield in northern Iran on June 8th with the US officials describe as a Russian delegation transport on scene. The B trip began with a new agreement between the US and Israel ??? partner to stop Iran’s nuclear ambitions. Even though Mr. B also wants to restart global negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program, something Israel strongly opposes. The President also announced new economic aid to the Palestinians even though he admitted Israel and Palestinian peace talks are a way off. And in Saudi he announced a series of regional, economic, technological and military agreements when squared off the crown prince over human rights. 
