---
title: CBS Evening News 03.02.22
date: 2022-03-03 18:18:05
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The White House announcing new sanctions against Moscow for what President B calls Putin’s war of choice and the Justice Department launching a taskforce to go after Putin’s inner circle of billionaire Russian oligarchs. Meanwhile the Russian military has intensified its bombardments in major cities across Ukraine, while its forty-mile convoy heads toward Kiev and it remains stalled due to fuel and food shortages. A senior US Defense official says the Pentagon believes the Russians are regrouping and rethinking their plans but still intend to surround and capture Ukraine’s capital. The massive humanitarian crisis goes larger by the day. There is nearly nine hundred thousand refugees had fled the fighting to nearby countries. And Ukraine’s emergency service claims more than two thousand civilians had been killed.

From the White House, where anti-Russia protest just outside the gate, appeared to become a permanent fixture. Tonight, the White House is going directly after the heart of Russia’s economy, the oil industry. President B today moved to squeeze Russia’s biggest export, oil, restricting Russia’s ability to buy the technology it needs to refine oil at current levels. Russia’s indiscriminate bombing of civilian targets intensified today, prompting a dramatic vote in UN general assembly. One hundred and forty one to five, demand Russia withdraw its troops from Ukraine. Exxon, Boeing and Siemens joining a growing list of corporate giants pulling back on Russian business. In an extraordinary interview with SKY News, a top Kremlin foreign policy advisor broke ranks and denounced the invasions. As President B foreshadowed in his State of The Union address last night, the Justice Department launched a new taskforce today, dubbed KleptoCapture to investigate and prosecute oligarchs who try to evade sanctions. The steps that the White House took today could slow Russian oil production in the future, but not right away because the White House worried about doing anything that could caused shortages in Europe or drive the price crude oil even higher than it is already.
