---
title: CBS Evening News 04.03.22
date: 2022-04-04 20:12:20
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The **atrocities** of war are escalating in Ukraine. Tonight, several world leaders are pledging to hold Russia accountable. In a Sunday exclusive interview today with Face the Nation moderator M.B, Ukraine’s President called the ??? acts brutality **genocide**. This video shows the moment of gun fire exploded earlier this morning killing at least six people injuring at least a dozen others.

Police here says suspect or suspects remain at large. They did recover one gun from the crime scene here. Meantime, the mayor says this mass shooting has led this city a broken heart. A crowd fighting in downtown Sacramento early this morning, when the gun fire erupted. The shooting left six people dead among those killed, F.T’s son D. Twelve others were hospitalized, several of them are fighting for their lives, as officials try to determine the motive for this mass shooting. Across California, homicide up thirty percent from 2020, and nationwide it went up seven-thirty percent in the big cities. On CBS Face the Nation, New York City’s mayor E.A says he is trying to stop the float guns into communities. In Sacramento, as police investigate the deadly shooting, the city and victims’ families grieved together. And when you include the dozen wounded today’s violence would be the worst mass shooting in Sacramento history. 

Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is now in its sixth week. Today, missiles hit the historical city of Odessa, striking oil refinery and storage depot. The Moscow’s war strategy appears to be shifting, no longer focused on surrounding the capital of Kiev, they’re now intensifying the assault in the East and the South of the countries. 

:::tip atrocity

- : a shockingly bad or atrocious act, object, or situation. 暴行

:::

:::tip genocide

- : the deliberate and systematic destruction of a racial, political, or cultural group. 种族屠杀

:::
