---
title: CBS Evening News 06.14.22
date: 2022-06-15 18:22:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, severe weather is impacting virtually every corner of the nation. Excessive heat watches and warnings are effective in more than a dozen states and more than a hundred and seventy million Americans will see temperatures above 90 degrees. Flooding across parts of Montana and Wyoming forced the closure of Yellow Stone National Park just as the summer tourist season is kicking in ??? the year. Wildfires in Arizona and California forced thousands to evacuate. And in the Midwest, severe storms damaged buildings and downed trees and knocked out power to thousands in the Chicago area.

With the humidity, it feels like a hundred and seven degrees, and that’s not a conjecture, that is the heat index. This is tale of two cities, last night, we had torrential rain and tornado warnings, today the sun is out with dangerous heat. Outside, there is no place to hide, but Chicago is desperate to cool off a flop ??? to Lake Michigan. The extreme heat could be deadly, with at least fifteen thousand people in Chicago area out of power and air conditioning because of this super ??? thunderstorm pushed through the area last night, triggering a tornado warning in the nation’s third largest city. The high winds peeled the roof off this three-storeyed apartment building. Wind gusts as high as ninety-eight miles per hour slammed into Fort Wayne, Indiana ??? a hole into this airport **hangar**. Today, in Milwaukee, the body of a ten-year-old boy was found after he got swiped away in a drainage ditch during the downpour. Two adults went after him and were also pulled under. At Yellowstone national park, torrential rains pushed the river to nearly fourteen feet, the highest ever recorded. Major flooding even swapped away homes, washing out bridges and forcing evacuations. There is little relief out West, where a wildfire forced evacuations near Flagstaff, Arizona, fueled by strong winds and dry grass. Back here in Chicago, officials are urging each other to check on themselves, check on their neighbors and go to cooling centers if needed. Now there are people here like we mentioned that don’t have power, don’t have AC and nationwide roughly six hundred thousand people are out of power due to these storms. 

:::tip hangar

- : SHELTER, SHED especially : a covered and usually enclosed area for housing and repairing aircraft 飞机库
  
:::
