---
title: CBS Evening News 11.09.22
date: 2022-11-10 18:28:43
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, President B is celebrating with what he called a strong night for Democrats after his party outperformed expectation in the midterms. The president says Americans sent a clear and unmistakable message last night about democracy and abortion rights. In a rare wide-ranging conference late today, President B answered questions about working with the GOP despite possibly investigations into his son H, whether he will run for reelection and even what he thinks of T showdown for the Republican nomination. At this hour, control of Congress is still up for grabs. CBSN estimates the battle for the House has leaned Republicans it could take several days before we know which party will have the majority. And it could be weeks before we know which party will control the Senate, the three states are still undecided. Plus, it’s now official that Senate race in Georgia, a hotly contested seat. Well, it is headed for a runoff, that’s in December. 

And upbeat President B argued that this was the best midterm showing for a first term democratic president in forty years. He called a validation of his agenda. But tonight, that agenda is still in jeopardy if Republicans do end up ??? the House or the Senate. As President B held on to hope. Republican leader K.M plowed ahead with plans for a House takeover, formally announcing his bid for Speaker. Senate control is still unclear too. Democrats picked up a seat in Pennsylvania where abortion ranked as the number one issue. It could come down to Georgia, where Republican H.W is predicting a bruising December runoff against Democrat Senator R.W. Massachusetts elected the nation first openly Lesbian governor. W.M becomes the first African American governor, elected in Maryland and just the third in US history. Voters elected the first ??? US congressman, a twenty-five-year-old in Florida. And at forty, former White House secretary H.S will become the youngest US Governor when she soared in Arkansas. The White House releases a video today of President B calling around to Democratic winners. The night did not turnout well for former President T as some of the controversial candidates 	he endorsed struggled, putting winnable seats at risk. But even a seat majority, the House or Senate give Republican subpoena power and they’re vowing to launch a range of probes on day one. Exit poll from yesterday’s elections suggested that two thirds of Americans voters do not think President B should run for reelection in 2024. He was asked about that today, he said that those numbers don’t bother him, he is always intended to run again but he won’t make a final decision until the new year even if his predecessor President T goes ahead with plans to announce his candidacy as soon as next week. 
