---
title: CBS Evening News 07.31.22
date: 2022-08-01 19:15:33
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, tens of millions of Americans are dealing with extreme weather. In Kentucky, more rain is soaking the state already struggling to recover from catastrophic flooding. The death toll now at twenty-eight, and the scope of the destruction still unfolding. In a Pacific Northwest, a heat dome that sizzled for days with triple digits temperatures is forecast to spread east this week. While California tonight, battles the state’s biggest fire so fire this year. The inferno seen here from space. 

It’s a similar scene from the pacific to the plains, wildfires burning out of control. The McKinney fire near the California-Oregon border is forcing more than two thousand people to leave their homes. It’s fueled by triple digit temperatures, erratic winds and thunderstorms with dry lightning. The fast-moving fire, which started Friday, is torching through more than fifty-one thousand acres and prompted the rescue of sixty hikers. It’s one of the nation’s fifty-four large fires burning in thirty states destroying more than 1.5 million acres. In Montana, it’s the Alamo fire north of Missoula. It’s exploding in size to more than eleven thousand acres. And in Idaho, this pyrocumulous cloud formed over the Moose fire which is charring more than sixty seven square miles. And a series of lightning strikes maybe to blame for a fire scorching farmland in western Nebraska. It’s forcing the evacuation of homes and livestock. Now, there are seven active fires burning here in the state of California. And with the heat wave in parts of the west and very little rain in the plains, the fear is these fires will just keep sparking and burning.
