---
title: CBS Evening News 05.31.22
date: 2022-06-01 19:34:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, the community of Uvalde, Texas begins saying goodbye to the victims of last week’s horrific shooting at Robb Elementary School. Hundreds of mourners turn out for the first of twenty-one funerals to take place in the weeks ahead. As the city tries to come to determine of what happened in their small town. The anger and anguish of parent’s float around the nation. And we are learning more about the investigation tonight including this reversal: Police originally said the gunman got into the after a teacher propped opened door, we’re now learning that door was closed but did not lock. 

I just heard from Texas Department of Public Safety that that school’s police chief, the man in charge of police response has not responded to a request by the Texas rangers made two days ago for a follower interview to get some answers, that is the agency that’s investigating the shooting. The silver coffin was carried into sacred church in Uvalde, Texas today, inside, the body of ten-year-old A.J.G. The first funeral of the twenty-one people killed last Tuesday at Robb Elementary School. Later tonight, M.R. will be laid to rest. The family said, she wanted to be a Marine biologist. Nineteen of the victims are to be buried in a specially designed caskets made and donated by a nearby Texas business. Including forty-four-year-old teacher A.M whose sister has the impossible task of picking the dress she will be buried in. As the reality sets in, so does the anger on local law enforcement. The community which initially questioned why these police waited about seventy-five minutes before killing the shooter is now demanding answers.
