---
title: CBS Evening News 10.31.22
date: 2022-11-01 18:54:52
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, federal authorities have charged the man accused of attacking P.P, the husband of House Speaker N.P with assault and attempt to kidnapping of United States officials. The San Francisco District Attorney just announced more charges and says D.D could face life in prison. Sources tell CBSN the suspect had a list of targets and may have been planning to attack more people. And according to a federal affidavit, the forty-two-year-old suspect told police that he wanted to hold Speaker P hostage and quote “break her kneecaps” as a warning to others members of Congress that there were consequences for their actions. The police chief said that when police arrived at 2:31 AM on Friday, there were only two people in the home, D and P. He remains in the hospital tonight after undergoing surgery for a skull fracture, and the Speaker is by his side. 

Federal officials describe a man driven by political extremism. The suspect allegedly plans to tie N.P up here at her home and injure her all in an effort to send a message to other Democrats. Disturbing new detail tonight about what allegedly unfolded inside N’s San Francisco home. According to a federal affidavit, forty-two-year-old D.D was found with zip ties, a roll of tape, white rope, a pair of rubber and cloth gloves, and two hammers including one used in the assault. In an interview with police, D.D called Speaker P the leader of the pack of lies told by the Democratic party, said he planned to hold N hostage and talk to her. And if she lied to him, he would break N’s kneecaps, she would then have to be wheeled into the Congress, which would show other members of Congress, there were consequences to actions. D, who has a history of espousing far right conspiracies online, broke into the P’s home early Friday morning, and demanded to see Speaker P who was in Washington. P.P who was home alone, managed to call 911 from the bathroom, when police arrived, D got a hold of the hammer and struck him in the several times, knocking him unconscious. Tonight, the eighty-two-year-old is recovering in the ICU from a depressed skull fracture. His son visited him this weekend. There was stepped up security outside the homes of congressional leaders this weekend, and the US Capitol police are considering enhance measures going forward. Critics say campaign messages like this one targeting P send a violent message. Meanwhile, California governor G.N singled out a commentator on Fox News. 
