---
title: CBS Evening News 11.25.22
date: 2022-11-26 18:27:58
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, there are disturbing new details about the gunman and his possible motive for Tuesday night shooting rampages inside a Walmart in Chesapeake, Virginia. Police released a message titled death note found on thirty-one-year-old A.B’s cellphone, in which he complained about being harassed and wrote he was tormented by his coworkers. Authorities say B legally purchased a nine-millimeter handgun used in the attack just hours before killing six and injuring seven others. 

Well, as the police investigation continues now it gives us some senses for a possible motivation for the shooting. The community is continuing to come together planning a city-wide vigil for the lives lost on Monday. Police released the suicide note found on shooter’s phone. Thirty-one-year-old A.B asked for god’s forgiveness, railed against his coworkers who he said spoke badly of him and seems blame the shooting on the believe his phone was recently hacked. Investigators say the shooter has no criminal history and the nine-millimeter handgun he used was legally purchased just hours before he gunned down his coworkers. While he passed background check to buy the firearm, Virginia is not among the nine states in the District of Columbia with a waiting period after the purchase of a gun. In exit polls taken during the Midterm Elections earlier this month, fifty-six percent of voters said they support a stricter gun control measure. Currently gun laws in the US varies state by state. California for example has a ten-day waiting period for somebody after they buy a gun. In 2016, CBSN was able to legally buy a firearm in Virginia and leave with it for about thirty-eight minutes. 
