---
title: CBS Evening News 07.24.22
date: 2022-07-25 20:09:12
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with nearly eighty million of you dealing with sweltering temperatures and extreme weather conditions today. Thermometers reach triple digits across the Northeast and Washington DC, New York City and Philadelphia. The heat has blamed for at least two deaths. Newark, New Jersey hit one hundred degrees today, the fifth day in a row and the longest streak ever reported for that city. 

These extreme hot temperatures are not just uncomfortable they are deadly. The National Weather Service says in the last thirty years, more people have died from heat than any other weather-related cause. Week after week, extreme temperatures are taking a toll across the country. Heat exposure is to blame for at least one death in New York City. But despite brutal temps, racers competed in a shortened triathlon today. Parts of the Northeast, battle near triple digits this weekend. Washington DC, heat indexes are approaching one hundred ten in some urban areas. It’s so hot that the Amtrak fears the blazing temps could expand train tracks. The rail line is warning commuters to expect delays between Philadelphia and New York. If it feels like extreme weather is getting worse every year, that’s because it is. Now some experts warned because the oceans are also getting warmer there is more water operation in the air which makes the air feels a lot sticker and those heat indexes are a lot higher. 
