---
title: CBS Evening News 05.26.22
date: 2022-05-27 17:11:19
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we’re here in Uvalde, Texas once again where a community’s grief is turning to anger and frustration because of new questions about the official timeline of Tuesday’s school shooting that killed nineteen children and two teachers. A spokesperson for the Texas Department of Public Safety said that the gunman walked into the school through an unlocked side door and was inside a classroom for more than an hour before a tactical team stormed into the building and take him out. These new details came after videos emerged from during the shooting showing parents desperate, begging officers to enter the building and rescue their children. And the massacre has reignited a national debate over the country’s gun laws. As we learned tonight that President B and the First Lady will travel here on Sunday.

It's raising even more questions tonight about the response by police during what was an active shooter situation. Authorities tonight confirming the gunman was in the elementary school for an hour or more before he was shot and killed. The anguished cries of desperate parents after the massacre at Robb Elementary School pleading with police to rescue their children. Tonight, Texas investigators going public with a new timeline as they face criticism, they didn’t move quickly enough. Authorities say the gunfire then slowed considerably. An hour later, CBSN has learned, an elite border patrol team moving behind a shield entered the classroom and killed the suspect. Today, would have been their last day of school. Tonight, their names are on white crosses posted outside of it. And it won’t be part of the official death count, but it is part of the toll of this horrific event. 
