---
title: CBS Evening News 07.06.22
date: 2022-07-07 20:26:28
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, authorities say the suspect in the mass shooting of Independence Day parade in Highland Park, Illinois confessed during police questioning. And we’re now learning R.C drove to Madison, Wisconsin, where contemplated another attack. CBSN obtained this picture, one of the weapons allegedly found in the car the suspect was driving. And there are new details about how police were able to **apprehend** alleged gunman is being held right now without bond. The state’s attorney says he’ll likely face dozens of other charges. A seventh victim today was identified, the sixty-nine-year-old who attended the parade with his family. Those killed range in age from thirty-five to eighty-eight years old. 

We’re learning a lot more about the investigation and manhunt. There were really two big breaks in this case. One, came from a good Samaritan who spotted the suspect’s car and not only called police but then followed that vehicle until officers were on scene. The twenty-one-year-old suspected in Highland Park 4th of July parade shooting, showed no emotion during his virtual court appearance. Investigators say R.C fired eighty-three rounds stopping to reload his rifle similar to this one seen here twice. Police say the suspect dropped the gun on the scene as he escaped disguised in women’s clothing. During the frantic eight-hour manhunt, police now say C stopped to see an **acquaintance** and drove two and a half hours to Madison, Wisconsin. In the car with him, this gun approximately sixty rounds of ammunition. When he spotted another parade, he allegedly considered another shooting. Police say the suspect confessed for the shooting that killed seven and wounded thirty-eight others. But despite two encounters with police in 2019 involving threats of violence to himself or family members and a series of troubling social media posts, his parent’s attorney says they saw no warning signs. Prosecutors say they expect to add dozens of more charges basically one criminal charge for every round fired. But we should also know the suspect passed four separate background checks in the process of buying his five firearms legally.

:::tip apprehend

- : ARREST, SEIZE 逮捕
  
:::

:::tip acquaintance

- : the persons with whom one is acquainted 熟人
  
:::
