---
title: CBS Evening News 10.03.22
date: 2022-10-04 18:47:31
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Today, Florida’s residents are reeling from the catastrophic damage of Hurricane Ian. The death toll stands at ninety-five. But sadly, that number is expected to rise. In five days since the storm made landfall, more than a half million are still without power. FEMA’s damage assessment is ongoing. And rescue efforts are still underway. More than two thousand people in Southwest and Central Florida have been brought to safety. One of the hardest-hit areas, Sanibel Island, remains cut off from the mainland with on electricity or running water for most of the residents. Tonight, there are major questions about the delayed evacuation orders in Lee County which took a direct hit. President B will visit Florida on Wednesday	to survey the damage. And today he was in Puerto Rico where residents are still recovering from Hurricane Fiona. 

Frustration is mounting. For many, gas, power and water remain in short supply. And the entire city of Fort Myers Beach has now been closed even to residents so crews can focus on searching for survivors and it is not easy. There are buildings that have been tossed about, mountains of rubble. Tonight, new images of the devastation near Fort Myers Beach as search rescuing team **sift** through the widespread destructions. As residents struggle to pick up the pieces, there is mounting criticism over the decision not to issue an evacuation order for Lee County until Tuesday, the day before Ian made landfall. That’s despite warnings they were in the storm’s path since Friday. Today, President B toured damage from a different hurricane. Two weeks after Fiona crippled Puerto Rico power grid. He pledged sixty million dollars to help in the recovery. Monday, many coastal counties in Florida began issuing evacuation orders. Fort Myers Beach that morning started encouraging its residents to get out. By Monday night, the town posted on social media the risk was so great people needed to evacuate even though Lee County wouldn’t make evacuation decision until Tuesday morning. When Lee County finally did, it was less than twenty four hours before Ian’s arrival. 

:::tip sift

- : to go through especially to sort out what is useful or valuable 详查，细究
  
:::
