---
title: CBS Evening News 09.16.22
date: 2022-09-17 19:06:14
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
There are a number of developing stories as we come on the air. First, tropical storm Fiona is heading for Porto Rico and the US Virgin Islands bringing heavy rain. But we want to begin in Ukraine. Because today was significant for many reasons, the war has raged nearly seven months with Russia’s aggression devasting families and many parts of the global economy. And today, V.P was confronted directly. Indian Prime Minister M telling him, now is not the time for war. P replied, Moscow will do everything to try to stop this as soon as possible. Meanwhile, President B tell Sixty Minutes in an exclusive interview there will be consequences if Russia escalates the fighting further. The public pressure on P to stop comes as horrifying pictures emerged today from Izium, a city in a region of the country recently taken by Ukrainian forces. 

This is where Russia came to hide crimes. And these are the men and women determined to uncover them. The smell is overpowering, death on an industrial scale, and the work, overwhelming, exhausting for those on the scene. This one investigators say contain the remains at least seventeen Ukrainian fighters but mostly, we saw civilians. Investigators led by Kharkiv’s chief war crimes prosecutor exhumed fifty bodies today, some bearing the signs of torture. It was in Bucha that we first saw the brutality Russian troop was capable of. Now Izium, leaving no doubt that this is a war that’s been declared largely on civilians. 

To aid the Ukraine offensive, the B administration has announced a six hundred million dollars in military weapons in an exclusive interview this Sunday Sixty Minutes. 
