---
title: CBS Evening News 10.23.22
date: 2022-10-24 19:59:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin tonight with the fast-approaching Midterm Elections. Both parties are pressing hard to show why they deserve your vote. Democrats, focus on legislative accomplishments, Republicans on the economy and crime. At stake, both Houses of Congress votes are already being case on many states across the country in person and by mail. 

After a quiet week at home in Delaware, President B will head to Pennsylvania this week, and Florida the next as we come to the home stretch of this contentious Midterm Election. On Face the Nation today, Speaker of the House N.P said the results of the Midterms will be decided in the last minutes of the race. But the latest CBSN battleground tracker poll has the House likely going Republicans and the Senate at a fifty-fifty split. The surge of supporting Democrats saw on the summer following the overturn of Roe V Wade has faded as Republicans are trying to focus voters on issues like crime, immigration and economy. In several key races, including a tie up Arizona Senate, Republican candidates have openly questioned the results of the 2020 election. And President B said in an interview this weekend that he could run again in 2024 but he won’t make that decision officially until after the Midterm Elections. 

The fight over the fifty-fifty Senate is fierce especially in the battleground state of Pennsylvania. This week, Democrat Lt. Governor J.F, Republican Dr. M.O are set to debate. 
