---
title: CBS Evening News 01.24.22
date: 2022-01-24 19:56:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We’re going to begin with rising tensions in Ukraine and the threat of a possible Russian invasion growing by the minute. Here in Washington DC, president B held a video call with European allies this afternoon to discuss a common response to Russian’s continued military buildup around Ukraine’s border. NATO announced that it was putting forces on standby and is reinforcing Eastern Europe with more ships and fighter jets, a move that Russia denounced. And the B administration is considering whether to send several thousand US troops and equipment to reinforce NATO. Meanwhile the state department ordered families American diplomats to leave the country and they’ve advised that nonessential American embassy personnel and private US citizens should do the same. Well tonight. Speaker N.P. and Senate majority leader C.S. want a White House briefing on the Ukraine-Russia situation for Congress. 

A major shift in the White House’s approach to the Russian standoff with Ukraine is now underway. President B met with European leaders today to discuss a diplomatic solution. Plan for new military deployment suggests much of Europe is now preparing for the possibility of a new war. President B today consulted with European allies in the Situation Room while reading thousands of US troops for a possible mission in the region. The Pentagon placed eighty-five hundred troops stationed in the US on alert, ready to deploy to NATO’s eastern flank within days if the situation **deteriorates**. The administration ordered US embassy families out of Ukraine and warned Americans not to travel to Russia as V.P. sent more troops to the Belarus, a possible invasion point, and carried out military exercises in the Baltic Sea. The US is hoping its own show of force would deter Putin. Fighter Jets could be sent to NATO countries as well as warships. The USS Truman arrived in the Eastern Mediterranean today for long scheduled exercises. But NATO is also bolstering defenses with the Danish, French and Dutch sending jets and troops. 

:::tip deteriorate

- : to become worse as time passes. 恶化
  
:::

:::tip testy

- : marked by impatience or ill humor. 不悦
  
:::
