---
title: CBS Evening News 12.30.22
date: 2022-12-31 19:07:25
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, six years of D.T’s tax return have been made public. Thousands of pages of financial documents show staggering losses, questionable deductions and very little pay in federal taxes. Plus, Southwest Airline flights are back on schedule following a week-long meltdown impacting tens of thousands of passengers. But first, a major break in that murder case of four University of Idaho students. Authorities arrested twenty-eight-year-old B.C at his parents’ home in Pennsylvania. He is now facing four counts of first-degree murder. And we still don’t know the motive in the killings of the college students whose deaths sent shockwaves across the community. 

There are still a lot of questions, and Idaho law limits whether what the investigators can say at this point. But during a news conference today, they revealed they do not have the murder weapon. They say they have recovered a white Hyundai Elantra that appears to be critical to the case. After nineteen thousand tips in a quadruple murder case that drew nationwide attention. K was arrested at his parent’s Pennsylvania home. The twenty-eight-year-old is a PhD criminology student at Washington State University just a ten-minute drive to the Idaho campus. K been held without bail and will spend the weekend in Pennsylvania. His extradition back to Idaho expected next week. The arrest caps nearly seven weeks of fear and frustration for families of the four murdered students. The district attorney who will eventually prosecute the suspect says an arrest is not meaning an end to the investigation. There are still searching for tips from anyone who knows the suspect. And we should know more after the extradition hearing Tuesday in Pennsylvania.
