---
title: CBS Evening News 07.05.22
date: 2022-07-06 19:42:57
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We begin here in Highland Park, Illinois. And we have a breaking news. Authorities just announced seven counts of first-degree murder against twenty-one-year-old suspected of shooting dozens at a 4th of July parade in this suburb of Chicago. Tonight, we’re learning the names of six of the victims that were killed. And just today, a seventh died from their wounds. The oldest, 88. The two youngest victims, parents of a young boy. They were together at the parade. And that child is parentless. The investigation is just getting started but we’re learning new details tonight, including the suspect previous counter with police. And the gun violence isn’t unique to Highland Park. In the thirty hours since the shooting here, there have been an additional six mass shootings across America. From Oakland, California to Queens, New York. Police are telling us the suspect actually legally owned five firearms some were found in his home, one was found in the vehicle that he was driving at the time he was arrested and while he is talking to police, there remain a lot of unanswered questions. Tonight, twenty-one-year-old R.C is facing seven counts of first degree murder. Police said he sprayed more than seventy rounds down upon hundreds of people watching Highland Park 4th of July parade. Seven were killed, thirty-eight were wounded including at least four children. This is the suspect after the shooting, wearing what it appears to be women’s clothing as a disguise make his getaway. While the suspect’s motive remains a mystery, police are investigating his disturbing online history. The suspect left the gun behind, that allow the ATF and others to do a rapid gun trace to help identify where the gun came from. At the same time, the FBI and other investigators were piecing together a video timeline. That gave them an idea of who they were looking for, the vehicle they were looking for. The suspect went to his mother’s house nearby and then drove to neighboring Wisconsin and back into Illinois when he was spotted by police, pulled over and eventually arrested.
