---
title: CBS Evening News 04.05.22
date: 2022-04-06 18:20:54
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
As we come on the air, we’re tracking dangerous weather across the south, there are more than two	dozen confirmed tornadoes. We want to begin on the world stage and the clear message that leaders cannot and should not turn their eyes away from the **gruesome** atrocities happening in Ukraine. Today, President Z made an impassion plead to the United Nations to do more to stop Russian war crimes. Z put the members of the UN Security council unnoticed, saying they believe the time of international law is gone, they must act immediately. World leaders were left stunned, silent as he shows stomach-turning footage of dead civilians and alleged women raped in front of their families. Tonight, the Secretary of State called what happened outside the city of Kiev, a deliberate campaign to killed. And in a chilling new charge, American UN Ambassador alleged tens of thousands of Ukrainians were captured and sent to filtration camps, reminiscence of Nazi dead camps.

As those grave images poured out Ukraine, President is warning that this is only the beginning and the new evidence will soon surface that the Russian is committing more war crimes. He also had harsh words for the United Nations, criticizing for failing to stop the violence. Before the audience of the world’s top diplomats, Ukrainian President V.Z called out the United Nations for having what he described as a broken system that has no power to stop the war. Z ??? the Russian soldiers accused carrying out war crimes in Bucha to ISIS terrorists, hoping to shock the group into action. Z shown a gruesome video of the latest atrocities which were then stunningly disputed by Moscow’s ambassador to the UN who called them a crude **forgery**. With documented evidences of civilians killed in Bucha, the B administration is backing investigation by the International Criminal Court or ICC. But neither Russian nor the US is party to the ICC made up of one hundred and twenty three nations which is responsible for holding war crime trials if Putin was ever charged he will need to be arrested and handed over to the court which is unlikely. The B administration will continue to squeeze Russia economically, new sanctions expected Wednesday will ban all new investment there and impose additional penalties on government officials and their family members. Following those latest brutal acts, several NATO nations expelled Russian diplomats this week and the European Union has proposed an all-out ban on Russian coal imports.

:::tip gruesome

- : inspiring horror or repulsion : GRISLY. 可怕的

:::

:::tip forgery

- : an act of forging. 伪造

:::
