---
title: CBS Evening News 08.27.22
date: 2022-08-30 11:02:48
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
A new, even more dangerous phase of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is taking hold as the war stretches beyond the happy end mark??? With artillery hitting uncomfortably close to nuclear reactors. The fate of Europe’s largest nuclear power plant is on the line as both Ukraine and Russia wrestle for its control. 

Six months of Russia’s occupation has turned  Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant into a deadly frontline. Reports of a new challenge come just two days after disconnected from the grid for the first time ever. For more than twenty four hours this week, Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant was operating on backup diesel generators. A constant electricity supply is critical for cooling down nuclear fuel and avoiding a disastrous meltdown. The nuclear power plant was captured by Russia in March. But it is still operated by Ukrainian technicians. At recent video from inside the plant shows Russian military vehicles parked near the reactors raising the risk of accidental fires. It’s been half a year since Russian unthinkable and invaded??? Ukraine. Presidential advisor Z.A says while they are graceful to all of military aides received, billions more is needed in heavy weapons to win this war. Six months on and this war is far from over with no clear end game insights. 
