---
title: CBS Evening News 08.15.22
date: 2022-08-16 19:12:16
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
The Justice Department is asking a judge not to release the affidavit that contains key details about why the FBI searched former President T’s Florida’s mansion last week. Well, the DOJ says that releasing that document would be **detrimental** to the quote “integrity of investigation”. This comes as members from both parties today are demanding more details and are asking the director of National Intelligence for a damage assessment following reports that documents labeled top secret were found in Mar-a-Lago. The former president is defiant tonight, calling the search an assault and accusing the FBI taking three of his passports. 

Law and enforcement sources confirmed to CBSN that as investigators examine the boxes of documents seized from Mar-a-Lago. They are trying to determine who had access to the documents and their origin. Today, former President T said FBI agents told his team during the search to “turn off the camera, and the FBI can take anything they want, my people were asked to stand outside”. Law enforcement sources tell CBSN some of the documents taken in the search may be so sensitive, they can only be read in a secure location with tight controls. And in many cases can be only declassified by the agency where they originated. CBSN has learned a T's lawyer submitted a written declaration that all classified materials had been returned over back in June until investigators realized there were more, removing eleven sets of documents last week. House Judiciary Republicans fired off letters to the B administration today, urging them to save their records about the search warrant, while others in the GOP stresses caution. Tonight, the Justice Department says that it would oppose the unsealing of an affidavit supporting the search warrant in order to protect witnesses who have come forward and not deter others from testifying. 

:::tip detrimental

- : obviously harmful : DAMAGING 有害的，不利的
  
:::
