---
title: CBS Evening News 11.06.22
date: 2022-11-07 18:38:30
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
We are finally here after months of campaigning, a record of sixteen billion dollars spent. American voters finally get their say Tuesday. More than thirty-nine millions of us have already voted early. Republicans are expected to win big. Democrats are appeared to be scrambling. Today, President B flew to New York campaigning for Governor C.H trying to blend some momentum of her Republican opponent, in an unexpectedly tied race. We’re tracking ten key battleground races, five of which are hotly contested tossups.

Both parties are trying to deliver their closing arguments and putting out their biggest names from President B in New York tonight to former President T in Florida after crossing paths over the weekend. From Florida to Pennsylvania, an all-out effort to get out vote with four US presidents on the trail. President B reunited with former President O in Philadelphia stumping for Senate nominee J.F and gubernatorial candidate J.S casting their GOP opponents as extremist. Across the keystone states, former President T appeared with GOP ticket mate Dr. M.O and D.M blasting Democrats on the economy, crime and immigration. Pennsylvania is one of the five tossup races that could decide control of the US Senate along with Georgia where Democratic Senator R.W is locked in a statistical tied with GOP Senate nominee H.W. The former football star teamed up with party brass Like former South Carolina governor N.H and Florida Senator R.S. Senate GOP campaign sheriff told CBSN he believes his party will secure at least fifty-two seats in the chamber. Democrats like Arizona Senator M.K remain undeterred fending off a late surge from Republican B.M. The governor’s race is also competitive between Democrat K.H and Republican C.E who has denied results of the 2020 election. Tonight, E’s campaign says it won’t be intimated after an envelope of suspicious white powder was delivered to his headquarters. The FBI responded with Phoenix Police which is now investigating.
