---
title: CBS Evening News 11.15.22
date: 2022-11-16 18:47:00
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, what could be a major escalation in Russia’s war in Ukraine after two missiles crossed over the border to Poland, a NATO country, killing two people. Ukraine’s President Z said the world must act. The B administration says it’s working with Polish government to gather information and can’t confirm details ahead of NATO just called for an emergency meeting for tomorrow morning. Article Five of the alliance states that any attack on one member is an attack on all of its members. The only that Article Five has been evoked was in response to the 9.11 Attack on the United States. And there is this news tonight, President B is officially asking Congress for thirty-seven billion dollars in emergency aid for Ukraine. All of this comes as Russia unleashed more than ninety airstrikes primarily at Ukraine’s energy facilities causing widespread blackouts. 

Poland has put its military on heighten readiness. It’s a scenario we’ve always fears since the start of the war. What would happen if a nearby NATO ally was struck? Either by accident or otherwise. We are about to find out. Tonight, in one of Russia’s biggest missiles strikes since the start of the war. Two rockets landed outside Ukraine in the neighboring Poland, a NATO member, killing two civilians. It is unclear whether they were Russian rockets, or Ukrainian air defense missiles. The blast occurs roughly seven miles from Ukraine’s border at a grain silo in the town of Przewodow. The polish government held an emergency meeting as did other nearby NATO countries amid concerns whether this can be considered an attack triggering Article Five of the NATO charter. In Ukraine, Russia fired more than ninety missiles around the country. Most intercepted, others hitting residential buildings and plunging ten million households into darkness after the electrical grid was targeted. Four days ago, Moscow retreated from critical city of Kherson. It’s a double-edge sword as one Ukrainian mayor tells me. Russia has issued a statement denying it firing missiles near the Ukraine-Poland border and called it quote “a deliberate occasion in order to escalate the situation”.
