---
title: CBS Evening News 04.04.22
date: 2022-04-05 16:49:15
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
Tonight, we want to begin with what may mark a new phase in the war in Ukraine. The Russians are retreating from the towns around the capital of Kiev, but they’re leaving behind evidence of atrocities. The pictures are horrific, bodies of dead civilians in the streets, some allegedly killed execution style. Ukrainian President Z visited the town of Bucha today, and called what he saw genocide. The **depravity** has sparked global outrage in President B’s called for a war crime trial against President V.P. And this just in, Z will address the UN Security Council tomorrow, Russia is a permanent member of that group. CBSN has learned nearly seventy percent of the Russian troops that were surrounding Ukraine’s capital have started to reposition, the US Defense official saying that’s likely just to regroup before heading back in. 

While Russia denies killing unarmed civilians saying it’s another provocation from Ukraine. But when we revisited Bucha today, the horror of Russia’s war in residential area was deniable. These are the scenes that Russia denies, the unburied dead sprawled across the town who do not wear military uniform. The are civilians like these, executor with their hands bound behind their backs. Evidence of war crime, says Ukraine, next to this church a hastily dug mass grave one of several in this town. The government says nearly three hundred bodies have been found. And the Ukraine military released this footage of what it calls a basement torture chamber showing a line of people hands tied before receiving a bullet in the head. It doesn’t matter where you go in Bucha you could stumble across a crime scene. Some of the worst fighting in Dunbas has been in the abandoned city of Mariupol with one hundred thousand residents still remain trapped, a humanitarian relief convoy was not able to enter the city for the fourth straight day due to security concerns.

:::tip depravity

- : a corrupt act or practice. 恶行，堕落

:::
