---
title: CBS Evening News 02.10.25
date: 2025-02-10 20:12:10
tags:
- CBSN
- Transcription
cover: https://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/r/2019/04/01/727e357a-a126-4138-a2c5-4d3222669d57/thumbnail/640x360/3ff2761028dc5c65cc4f07acd54bcd5c/cbsn2-logo-1920x1080.jpg
---
President T today began the fourth week of his second term. And in a new CBSN poll, more than half of Americans, fifty three percent approve of the job he is doing. And seventy percent, whether they agree or not, he is doing exactly what he promised to do. That includes cutting spending. But how he is doing it is another matter. The president made E.M a kind of sheriff of DOGE, the Department of Government Efficiency, to downsize just about everything. Our poll found Americans evenly split over how much influence should have over government operations and spending. And a federal judge has blocked their access to a Treasury Bureau that, among other things, sends out government payments, including social security. 

It’s called the Bureau of Fiscal Service. And what they are looking for is what people in Washington have been looking for decades, waste, fraud and abuse. This quest is not new. The methods, however, are. President T has given the world’s richest man a temporary White House job and an ambitious order – audit the federal government agency by agency, expose waste and fraud. And if you have to infiltrate sensitive government databases, do it. N.S worked for Treasury Department for two years during the B administration. The Bureau of Fiscal Service distributes 1.3 billion dollars payments annually – things like social security checks. Medicaid reimbursements and federal grants. “I think fraud in the government is actually a really worthwhile cause to try to combat. The challenge is that it has literally nothing to do with what the Bureau of Fiscal Service does or what this Treasury payments ecosystem is. So, if you are on the hunt for that, you certainly don’t go here. That doesn’t sit in the Bureau of Fiscal Service. That sits at the agencies. The Treasury Department has told congress Musk’s associates cannot change any payments, that they have had so-called read-only access to the database. But those assurances have not been independently verified. There’s also a question about data security. The most private, sensitive data about American citizens all sits in the Bureau of Fiscal Service and the Treasury payments ecosystems.”
